EVERYONE TO
THE JUNE 22ND TWENTY TWENTY TWO
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
MEETING.
MY NAME IS CANDICE PRIOR.
I&apos;M THE CHAIRPERSON OF THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS, THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS AS A
NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL.
FIRST WE WILL HEAR FROM
PLANNING SERVICES REPRESENTED
TONIGHT BY JOHN BARRETT.
THEN THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION STAFF WILL KEEP
TIME AND WILL ANNOUNCE WHEN 30
SECONDS ARE REMAINING PUBLIC
COMMENT IS AVAILABLE IN PERSON
OR REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL AN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANT TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE HAND FEATURE IF VIEWING
THROUGH THE WEBLINK FOR PHONE
ACCESS CALL EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR
SEVEN AND ENTER MEETING ID
NUMBER NINE THREE EIGHT ONE SIX
FOUR EIGHT ONE ZERO ZERO SEVEN
CITY STAFF WILL SELECT CALLERS
THAT HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND
USING THE LAST THREE DIGITS
OF THEIR PHONE NUMBER OR BY
NAME IF AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEBLINK
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING.
PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET AREA AND
MUTE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD.
WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL.
FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE
BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN
APPEAL TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT ON A TIMELY
BASIS.
&gt;&gt; ROLL CALL CANDIDATE BREYER I
AM HERE MCDANIEL DAVE DAVE
ALREADY DAVE ALREADY HERE CHRIS
MADIGAN HERE JULIA GOOD HERE
CHRIS FREELY HERE.
TODD GRANT HERE.
ELIZABETH NELSON HERE WE HAVE A
QUORUM.
WE HAVE THE AGENDA FOR THIS
MEETING.
I WILL NOTE QUICKLY THAT THE
LAST APPEAL THAT&apos;S ON THE
AGENDA THE PETITION FOR FIVE
TWENTY ONE S FOURTH AVENUE HAS
BEEN POSTPONED BY THE APPLICANT
SO IT WAS NOTICED.
&gt;&gt; SO WE WILL TAKE ANY PUBLIC
HEARING IF ANYONE WISHES TO
SPEAK ON IT BUT THERE WON&apos;T BE
A PRESENTATION OR ANY DECISION
ANY DISCUSSION ON THAT THAT
MATTER WHEN IT COMES BACK IF IT
COMES BACK TO THE ZIBA IT&apos;LL BE
NOTICED AGAIN AND THERE&apos;LL BE
ANOTHER PUBLIC HEARING SO
PEOPLE WILL HAVE ANOTHER
OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK.
OTHER THAN THAT, ANY QUESTIONS
OR COMMENTS CHANGES TO THE
AGENDA IF NOT TO HAVE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE AGENDA?
YEAH.
THANK YOU, CHRIS.
SUPPORT FROM TODD.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR.
I OPPOSE.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF MINUTES.
WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE MAY
TWENTY FIFTH TWENTY TWENTY TWO
MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS
COMMENTS, CORRECTIONS ON THOSE
MINUTES IF NOT DO HAVE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE MINUTES I&apos;LL
MAKE A MOTION TO APPROVE THE
MINUTES SUPPORT SUPPORT FROM
CHRIS.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR.
ALL RIGHT.
I OPPOSED.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
ALL RIGHT.
FIRST WE HAVE PETITION ZIBA
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
TWENTY TWO DASHTI ZERO ZERO
FIRST WE HAVE PETITION ZIBA
EIGHT THREE ZERO NINE FIVE
TWENTY TWO DASHTI ZERO ZERO
CEDAR BROOK ROAD JUMP.
EIGHT THREE ZERO NINE FIVE
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M JOHN BARRETT, ZONING
CEDAR BROOK ROAD JUMP.
COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY OF ANN
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M JOHN BARRETT, ZONING
ARBOR.
COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY OF ANN
THE FIRST PETITION BEFORE US
ARBOR.
THIS EVENING IS THREE ZERO NINE
THE FIRST PETITION BEFORE US
FIVE CEDAR BROOK ROAD.
THIS EVENING IS THREE ZERO NINE
CLARKE, REPRESENTING THE
FIVE CEDAR BROOK ROAD.
PROPERTY OWNERS IS SEEKING A
CLARKE, REPRESENTING THE
VARIANCE FROM TABLE FIVE POINT
PROPERTY OWNERS IS SEEKING A
SEVENTEEN DASH ONE SINGLE
VARIANCE FROM TABLE FIVE POINT
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
SEVENTEEN DASH ONE SINGLE
DIMENSIONS TO CONSTRUCT A TEN
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
FOOT BY 16 FOOT SUNROOM AT THE
DIMENSIONS TO CONSTRUCT A TEN
REAR OF THE EXISTING RESIDENCE
FOOT BY 16 FOOT SUNROOM AT THE
.
REAR OF THE EXISTING RESIDENCE
THE REQUESTED VARIANCE IS NINE
.
FEET FIVE INCHES TO ALLOW THE
THE REQUESTED VARIANCE IS NINE
SUNROOM TO BE TWENTY FEET SEVEN
FEET FIVE INCHES TO ALLOW THE
INCHES FROM THE REAR FLAT LINE
SUNROOM TO BE TWENTY FEET SEVEN
.
INCHES FROM THE REAR FLAT LINE
THE PROPERTY IS OWNED BY ONE
.
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND
THE PROPERTY IS OWNED BY ONE
REQUIRES A 30 FOOT REAR SET
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND
BACK.
REQUIRES A 30 FOOT REAR SET
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
BACK.
ON THE NORTH SIDE OF CEDAR
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
BROOK ROAD SOUTH OF GREEN ROAD.
ON THE NORTH SIDE OF CEDAR
A SMALL PORTION OF SUGARBUSH
BROOK ROAD SOUTH OF GREEN ROAD.
PARK IS SITUATED BETWEEN THE
A SMALL PORTION OF SUGARBUSH
PROPERTY OF GREEN ROAD.
PARK IS SITUATED BETWEEN THE
THE HOME WAS CONSTRUCTED IN
PROPERTY OF GREEN ROAD.
NINETEEN EIGHTY EIGHT AND IS
THE HOME WAS CONSTRUCTED IN
APPROXIMATELY TWO THOUSAND
NINETEEN EIGHTY EIGHT AND IS
EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY THREE
APPROXIMATELY TWO THOUSAND
SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY THREE
THE OWNERS ARE PROPOSING A NEW
SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
SUNROOM THAT WILL PROJECT FOUR
THE OWNERS ARE PROPOSING A NEW
FEET FOUR INCHES FROM THE REAR
SUNROOM THAT WILL PROJECT FOUR
FACADE OF THE EXISTING
FEET FOUR INCHES FROM THE REAR
NONCONFORMING HOME IS CURRENTLY
FACADE OF THE EXISTING
SITED APPROXIMATELY TWENTY SIX
NONCONFORMING HOME IS CURRENTLY
FEET FROM THE REAR LINE WHICH
SITED APPROXIMATELY TWENTY SIX
DOES NOT MEET THE REQUIRED 30
FEET FROM THE REAR LINE WHICH
FOOT SETBACK.
DOES NOT MEET THE REQUIRED 30
THE FIRST SLIDE YOU SEE ON YOUR
FOOT SETBACK.
SCREEN IS THE LOCATION MAP, THE
THE FIRST SLIDE YOU SEE ON YOUR
ZONING MAP YOU SEE THE
SCREEN IS THE LOCATION MAP, THE
HIGHLIGHTED PARCEL IN THE
ZONING MAP YOU SEE THE
CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN.
HIGHLIGHTED PARCEL IN THE
THE NEXT MAP IS THE AERIAL
CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN.
PHOTOS SHOWING SURROUNDING
THE NEXT MAP IS THE AERIAL
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
PHOTOS SHOWING SURROUNDING
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND THE
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
PROPOSED SUNROOM IS GOING TO BE
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND THE
AN EXTENSION RIGHT BACK HERE
PROPOSED SUNROOM IS GOING TO BE
WHERE MY CURSOR IS COMING OFF
AN EXTENSION RIGHT BACK HERE
THE BACK OF THE REAR AT THAT
WHERE MY CURSOR IS COMING OFF
NOTCHED AREA.
THE BACK OF THE REAR AT THAT
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
NOTCHED AREA.
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
APPLICATION AND YOU SEE THE
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
HATCHED AREA WHERE THE PROPOSED
APPLICATION AND YOU SEE THE
SUNROOM IS GOING TO BE THE TEN
HATCHED AREA WHERE THE PROPOSED
BY SIXTEEN.
SUNROOM IS GOING TO BE THE TEN
THESE ARE THE FLOOR PLANS THAT
BY SIXTEEN.
WERE SUBMITTED WITH THE
THESE ARE THE FLOOR PLANS THAT
APPLICATION BY THE APPLICANT.
WERE SUBMITTED WITH THE
THIS IS THE FRONT ELEVATION.
APPLICATION BY THE APPLICANT.
THESE ARE THE PICTURES THAT I
THIS IS THE FRONT ELEVATION.
TOOK AND MY INSPECTION OF THE
THESE ARE THE PICTURES THAT I
EXISTING HOME.
TOOK AND MY INSPECTION OF THE
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE
EXISTING HOME.
PROPERTY AND THIS IS AT THE
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE
REAR YARD LOOKING TOWARDS
PROPERTY AND THIS IS AT THE
SUGARBUSH PARK AND OUT TOWARDS
REAR YARD LOOKING TOWARDS
GREEN ROAD THIS IS THE REAR
SUGARBUSH PARK AND OUT TOWARDS
OF THEIR EXISTING HOME THIS THE
GREEN ROAD THIS IS THE REAR
EXISTING STONE PATIO AND THIS
OF THEIR EXISTING HOME THIS THE
IS MORE THE EXISTING STONE
EXISTING STONE PATIO AND THIS
PATIO THAT&apos;S THE NEIGHBORS TO
IS MORE THE EXISTING STONE
THE EAST AND THAT RIGHT HERE IS
PATIO THAT&apos;S THE NEIGHBORS TO
WHERE THE THE PROPOSED SUNROOM
THE EAST AND THAT RIGHT HERE IS
IS GOING TO GO AND THIS AREA
WHERE THE THE PROPOSED SUNROOM
RIGHT HERE IN THE BACK YOU CAN
IS GOING TO GO AND THIS AREA
SEE THE NOTCHED IN AREA.
RIGHT HERE IN THE BACK YOU CAN
THIS FACADE SITS IN A LITTLE
SEE THE NOTCHED IN AREA.
BIT DEEPER THAN THE EXISTING
THIS FACADE SITS IN A LITTLE
THE THE SIDE OF THE HALL.
BIT DEEPER THAN THE EXISTING
THAT&apos;S THE CONCLUDES MY
THE THE SIDE OF THE HALL.
PRESENTATION.
THAT&apos;S THE CONCLUDES MY
&gt;&gt; I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS AT
PRESENTATION.
THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS AT
THANK YOU.
THIS TIME.
GENTEC.
THANK YOU.
SO JOHN, IF YOU GO BACK TO THE
GENTEC.
FIRST AREA SLIDE YEAH.
SO JOHN, IF YOU GO BACK TO THE
THIS SPACE THAT&apos;S BEHIND IS
FIRST AREA SLIDE YEAH.
THAT PART OF SUGARBUSH PART IS
THIS SPACE THAT&apos;S BEHIND IS
THAT PERSONAL?
THAT PART OF SUGARBUSH PART IS
THIS IS SUGARBUSH RIGHT HERE
THAT PERSONAL?
AND THAT&apos;S JUST A NATURAL AREA.
THIS IS SUGARBUSH RIGHT HERE
THAT&apos;S CITY PARK PLANT.
AND THAT&apos;S JUST A NATURAL AREA.
YES THERE IS SOME SMALL
THAT&apos;S CITY PARK PLANT.
ENCROACHMENTS WITH SOME
YES THERE IS SOME SMALL
PEOPLE&apos;S LANDSCAPING AND MAYBE
ENCROACHMENTS WITH SOME
A FENCE AS WELL THE NEIGHBORS.
PEOPLE&apos;S LANDSCAPING AND MAYBE
&gt;&gt; BUT THEN THERE ARE SOME
A FENCE AS WELL THE NEIGHBORS.
ENCROACHMENTS THAT&apos;S BEEN
&gt;&gt; BUT THEN THERE ARE SOME
HISTORIC TO THE DEVELOPMENT
ENCROACHMENTS THAT&apos;S BEEN
OF THAT SUBDIVISION.
HISTORIC TO THE DEVELOPMENT
&gt;&gt; WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
OF THAT SUBDIVISION.
I MEAN IT&apos;S BEEN THERE FOR A
&gt;&gt; WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
LONG TIME.
I MEAN IT&apos;S BEEN THERE FOR A
IT&apos;S DIFFICULT FOR ME TO SAY
LONG TIME.
HOW LONG THOSE ENCROACHMENTS
IT&apos;S DIFFICULT FOR ME TO SAY
HAVE BEEN IN THE PARK PROPERTY.
HOW LONG THOSE ENCROACHMENTS
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
HAVE BEEN IN THE PARK PROPERTY.
I CAN CLARIFY A LITTLE BIT.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
I LIVE SEVERAL BLOCKS SOUTH IN
I CAN CLARIFY A LITTLE BIT.
GEORGETOWN.
I LIVE SEVERAL BLOCKS SOUTH IN
I&apos;VE BEEN IN THE HOME SINCE
GEORGETOWN.
NINETEEN EIGHTY FIVE.
I&apos;VE BEEN IN THE HOME SINCE
MY MEMORY IS IN THE APPLICANT
NINETEEN EIGHTY FIVE.
MR. CLARK MAY CLARIFY IT BUT
MY MEMORY IS IN THE APPLICANT
THIS IS PART OF A SLIGHTLY
MR. CLARK MAY CLARIFY IT BUT
ELEVATED BERM OFF THE SIDEWALK
THIS IS PART OF A SLIGHTLY
FROM GREEN ROAD.
ELEVATED BERM OFF THE SIDEWALK
IT&apos;S NOT PROPERLY SUGARBUSH
FROM GREEN ROAD.
PARK WHICH IS A LITTLE FARTHER
IT&apos;S NOT PROPERLY SUGARBUSH
EAST BUT THERE IS A ROAD YOU
PARK WHICH IS A LITTLE FARTHER
CAN SEE FROM THE PICTURE A ROW
EAST BUT THERE IS A ROAD YOU
OF BUSHES AND THEN I BELIEVE
CAN SEE FROM THE PICTURE A ROW
THE LAND SLOPES DOWN TO THE
OF BUSHES AND THEN I BELIEVE
SIDEWALK AND THEN THERE&apos;S GREEN
THE LAND SLOPES DOWN TO THE
ROAD.
SIDEWALK AND THEN THERE&apos;S GREEN
SO THERE ALREADY IS SOME
ROAD.
PHYSICAL BARRIERS BETWEEN GREEN
SO THERE ALREADY IS SOME
ROAD IN THE HOUSE.
PHYSICAL BARRIERS BETWEEN GREEN
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU CHRIS.
ROAD IN THE HOUSE.
THIS IS IT REALLY A QUESTION
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU CHRIS.
BUT I JUST WANT TO MAKE THE
THIS IS IT REALLY A QUESTION
BOARD AWARE THERE THERE MR.
BUT I JUST WANT TO MAKE THE
CLARKE IS REPRESENTING THE
BOARD AWARE THERE THERE MR.
OWNERS.
CLARKE IS REPRESENTING THE
HE&apos;S SOMEONE THAT COMES IN FOR
OWNERS.
APPLICATIONS AT HAMBURG QUITE A
HE&apos;S SOMEONE THAT COMES IN FOR
BIT.
APPLICATIONS AT HAMBURG QUITE A
SO I INTERACT WITH HIM ON A
BIT.
PRETTY REGULAR BASIS.
SO I INTERACT WITH HIM ON A
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE THE BOARD
PRETTY REGULAR BASIS.
AWARE OF IT AND IF THERE ARE
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE THE BOARD
ANY CONCERNS, YOU KNOW AND YOU
AWARE OF IT AND IF THERE ARE
GUYS FEEL I SHOULD RECUSE
ANY CONCERNS, YOU KNOW AND YOU
MYSELF, I&apos;M HAPPY TO STEP OUT
GUYS FEEL I SHOULD RECUSE
FOR THE DISCUSSION OF THE VOTE.
MYSELF, I&apos;M HAPPY TO STEP OUT
I DON&apos;T THINK THAT IT IS A
FOR THE DISCUSSION OF THE VOTE.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST AT ALL.
I DON&apos;T THINK THAT IT IS A
BUT I AT LEAST WANTED TO YOU
CONFLICT OF INTEREST AT ALL.
KNOW, OFFER ANYONE INPUT IF
BUT I AT LEAST WANTED TO YOU
THEY IF THEY WANT.
KNOW, OFFER ANYONE INPUT IF
&gt;&gt; THANKS BUT THANK YOU.
THEY IF THEY WANT.
IS MR. CLARKE HERE TONIGHT?
&gt;&gt; THANKS BUT THANK YOU.
I HAVEN&apos;T SEEN HIM
ANY
QUESTIONS FOR JOHN JOHN, I HAD
A QUESTION IF YOU COULD SHOW
LIKE ON THE SURVEY MAP USUALLY
LIKE WHERE THE VARIANCE AMOUNT
IS YOU KNOW LIKE IF THE THAT
WAS SMALLER.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
FROM RIGHT RIGHT HERE CURSOR TO
THAT REAR LINE RIGHT THERE
YOU&apos;RE SUPPOSED TO HAVE THIRTY
FEET AND THEY&apos;RE ASKING FOR IT
THEY&apos;RE ASKING FOR NINE FEET
FIVE INCHES TO ALLOW THE
SUNROOM TO BE TWENTY FEET SEVEN
INCHES FROM THE REAL OUTLINE SO
THE NINE FEET IS THE 16 FOOT
DIMENSION OF THE TEN BY SIXTEEN
SO IF THEY DID A TEN BY YEAH
IT&apos;S COMING IT&apos;S COMING OUT TEN
FEET YOU SEE RIGHT HERE SEE
THAT THAT&apos;S TEN FEET COME OUT
FROM THE HOLE AND IT&apos;S 16 FEET
WIDE CURRENTLY THE HOME SITS
TWENTY SIX FEET FROM THE REAL
OUTLINE SUPPOSED TO BE THIRTY
SO IT&apos;S NOT CONFORMING OK SO
THEY&apos;RE ASKING FOR THIS RIGHT
HERE THIS PROJECTION COME OUT
AND ONLY BE BASICALLY ALMOST
TWENTY FEET WHEN THE REAL
OUTLINE SO IT&apos;S NOT QUITE A TEN
FOOT VARIANCE NINE FIVE INCHES.
OK, CAN I ASK YOU TO DO SOME
MORE MATH JOHN.
SO WHAT&apos;S THE DIFFERENCE.
SO IT&apos;S ALREADY NONCONFORMING
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE THE
BACK LINE WHERE IT&apos;S
NONCONFORMING AND THE EXPANDED
SUNROOM IS WHAT?
YEP.
SIX FEET.
OH OK.
THANKS.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR JOHN SO
TAKE GOOD IT&apos;S NOT SIX FEET
FROM THE WITH THE ADDITION
IT&apos;LL BE TWENTY FEET IF WE
ALLOW THIS AND THEY PUT THE
ADDITION IN EVERY TWENTY FEET
FROM THE REAR FORTY FEET SEVEN
INCHES AND THE REST OF THE NINE
FEET FIVE INCHES PARDON ME THEN
THEY&apos;RE ASKING FOR A NINE FOOT
FIVE INCH VARIANCE CORRECT.
RIGHT SO THEY&apos;RE ASKING FOR THE
NINE FOOT VARIANCE AND THE NEW
STRUCTURE WILL SET TWENTY FEET
FROM THE REAR SATELLITE.
TWENTY FEET SEVEN ONE AND A
HALF YEP.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
I&apos;M JUST WONDERING WHERE THE
APPLICANT IS TONIGHT WITH THAT
.
YEAH IT&apos;S ONE OF THE
MANY IF
YOU ARE IN HERE WITH MY WIFE
MARY THE LAST THING WE HEARD ON
THE LINE IS A QUESTION ABOUT
WHERE THE OWNERS 095 SEABROOKE
ARE.
YOU KNOW WE KNOW THAT THEY&apos;RE
IN THE UNITED KINGDOM ON A WAY
THE ORIGINAL MEETING THIS WAS
SEVERAL WEEKS AGO WE BELIEVE
AND THEY HAD SCHEDULED A TIME
TO BE AWAY BEFORE THAT WE HAD A
PUBLIC COMMENT TO MAKE ON THIS
ITEM AS WELL AS APPROPRIATE TO
MAKE THAT NOW HOLD ON ONE
MINUTE.
NORMALLY THAT THE APPLICANT
SPEAK FIRST OR A REPRESENTATIVE
FOR THE APPLICANT AND THEN
WE&apos;LL GET TO PUBLIC COMMENT SO
WE&apos;LL COME BACK.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU AS WELL.
LET&apos;S TRY THE NEXT PERSON THIS
PERSON I&apos;VE EVER HAD AN
APPLICANT NOT SHOW UP
OR WITH
ANY FOR
OK, SO I&apos;M GOING
I
APOLOGIZE.
EVERYONE BEAR WITH US.
WE ARE TRYING TO FIND THE
APPLICANT
.
I WILL NOTE THAT PER OUR RULES
IF THE PETITIONER OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE ARE NOT HERE
THAT APPLICANT THE PETITIONERS
DISMISS THAT FOR SECTION TEN
POINT FIVE AND CAN BE HEARD
AGAIN FOR A MINIMUM OF THREE
MONTHS.
WELL I LOOK AT THIS POINT I
NEVER HAD AN APPLICANT NEVER
SHOW UP SO I CAN MAKE A MOTION
TO DISMISS MAYBE THIS JUST TO
MAKE SURE YES.
SECTION TEN POINT FIVE READS
THAT UNLESS THE PETITIONER OR
THE PETITIONERS AGENT IS
PRESENT FOR THE HEARING OF A
PETITION, THE CHAIR SHALL
DISMISS THE PETITION.
THE PETITION SHALL NOT BE HEARD
AGAIN BY THE ZIBA WITHIN THREE
MONTHS FROM THE DATE
OF DISMISSAL.
IF WITHIN ONE WEEK OF THE
MISSED HEARING THE PETITIONER
PROVIDES EVIDENCE TO THE CHAIR
THAT IN THE CHAIR&apos;S DISCRETION
SHOWS GOOD CAUSE FOR THE
FAILURE TO BE PRESENT CHAIR
SHALL SCHEDULE A DISMISSED
OPPOSITION PETITION ON THE NEXT
REGULARLY SCHEDULED MEETING
AGENDA AS PRACTICABLE
.
SO I&apos;LL WAIT ONE MINUTE BECAUSE
I THINK JOHN&apos;S ON THE PHONE
WITH THE PETITIONERS
REPRESENTATIVE
SO I JUST GOT A
HOLD OF THE APPLICANT.
&gt;&gt; HE&apos;S IN THE PARKING LOT.
HE&apos;S ON HIS WAY UPSTAIRS RIGHT
NOW.
OH WAIT PARDON ME.
YOU&apos;RE GOING TO SING A SONG
WHILE WE WAIT FOR HIM TO DO
THAT.
BUT YOU DIDN&apos;T SAY THAT AT THAT
POINT.
YOU KNOW, I NEED YOU TO DO ALL
THIS AND MOST OF ALL MY YEARS
NEVER YOU MUST BE A
NEWFOUNDLAND TIME WHICH IS A
HALF HOUR OF A FORWARD OR NOT
OR YOU&apos;RE RIGHT THAT
I
APPRECIATE EVERYONE&apos;S PATIENCE
.
I SAY WE GIVE THEM ANOTHER
MINUTE IF HE&apos;S NOT UP HERE THEN
MAYBE WE TABLE IT TO LATER IN
THE THERE IS ONE MORE WAY WE WE
DON&apos;T KNOW IT&apos;S THERE.
FIVE GIRLS HEAD DOWN FOR SIX
THIRTY SIX MONTH OLD GOOD
EVENING.
EVERYONE ELSE HAS DONE THEIR
MADE OUR PRESENTATION CORRECT.
OK THANKS JEFF.
SO I READ JOHN&apos;S REPORT.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M SORRY BEFORE YOU GET
STARTED CAN YOU STATE YOUR
NAME?
SURE.
ROBERT CLARK, OWNER OF FOUR
SEASONS SONS OF ANARCHY.
THANK THANK YOU.
SO I&apos;VE READ JOHN&apos;S REPORT IN
DEPTH.
I CAN&apos;T DISAGREE WITH, YOU
KNOW, FINDING HARDSHIP.
&gt;&gt; THE ONE STATEMENT I DID MAKE
AT ONE POINT IN TIME, JOHN, WAS
THAT I ASSUMED AND THERE WAS AN
ASSUMPTION WAS THAT THE
POSSIBLE SUGARBUSH PART WAS
PUSHING INTO THE BLOOD.
I CHECKED OUT A PLAQUE EVERY
HOUSE AND EVERY LOT IN THAT
NEIGHBORHOOD ALMOST IDENTICAL
TO WHAT WE HAVE IN THIS
SITUATION.
SO THE MCLARENS COULD NOT
ATTEND THE NIGHT BECAUSE
THEY&apos;RE A BROAD
I THINK I SENT
YOU THEIR LETTER, JOHN, TO KNOW
OTHER NOTES.
SO THEIR BACKGROUND IS THEY&apos;VE
LIVED IN THE HOUSE FOR QUITE A
LONG TIME.
UM, THE HOUSE IS NONCONFORMING
REALLY.
IT&apos;S THE PART OF THE LIVING
ROOM PART OF A THE CHIMNEY.
SO AS MUCH AS WE ARE TEN FEET
LOOKING FOR A TEN FOOT
VARIANCE, WE&apos;RE ALREADY THE
HOUSE IS ALREADY FIVE POINT
THREE FEET INTO THAT SET BACK.
SO IN A IN A MISCUED WAY WE
NEED FOUR POINT THREE FEET
BEYOND WHAT IT ALREADY IS.
&gt;&gt; MR. MCLAREN HAD TALK AS I
TALKED TO JOHN ABOUT POSSIBLY
JUST OPENING THE HOUSE WHILE
I&apos;M JUST GOING OUT TO WHERE IT
IS ALREADY NONCONFORMING, WHICH
IS FIVE POINT FIVE POINT THREE
FEET.
A MAN IS NOT REALLY INTO IT.
AMANDUS SAYING NO, WE REALLY
LIKE TO SEE IT AT THE TEN FOOT
TEN FOOT THE SMALL AREA.
THEY&apos;RE TRYING TO JUST MAKE A
SMALL SPOT IN THE IN THE YARD
TO THEY ARE REDOING THE
LANDSCAPING.
YES.
THEY&apos;VE ALREADY IN THEIR LETTER
HAVE STATED THAT THEY SEE NOW
THAT THE AFTER THE STATE SURVEY
THAT THEY&apos;RE BEYOND THAT POINT
AS SOME OF THE OTHER HOUSES ARE
BUT THEY ARE WILLING TO ADJUST
THAT AND BRING IT BACK WITHIN
PROPER SET BACK.
SO REALLY IT&apos;S NOT SO MUCH
OF HARDSHIP SLASH PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY WE BROUGHT TO YOU.
I THINK IT WAS NINE SIGNATURES
FROM THE NEIGHBORS THAT
EVERYBODY SIGNED OFF SAYING
THAT, YOU KNOW AND IT DOES
HAPPEN WHEN THE REAR GUARD SAID
THAT WE ALL KNOW IT DOES HAVE
TO DO WITH NEIGHBORING LOTS AND
SO IT&apos;S NOT GOING TO BLOCK
ANYBODY&apos;S VIEW ANY MORE THAN
WHAT EVERYTHING THAT IS THERE
NOW.
SO IT&apos;S JUST AGAIN IT&apos;S A WE&apos;VE
GOT A TIGHT LOT NICE BIG HOUSE.
THERE&apos;S NO DOUBT THEY BUILT
WHOEVER BUILT IT BUILT THE
RIGHT TO CAPACITY.
&gt;&gt; BUT NOW WE LOOK FOR FOR SOME
SOME CHANCE OF HAVING THE TEN
FOOT BY SIX IS WHAT WE WOULD
REQUEST.
AND BEYOND THAT I DON&apos;T REALLY
HAVE A LOT TO SAY.
I THINK THERE&apos;S MAYBE SOMEBODY
IN THE PUBLIC THAT WANTS TO
SPEAK ABOUT IT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
QUESTIONS.
&gt;&gt; YES.
YES, MR. CLARK SIR, I&apos;M VERY
FAMILIAR WITH THE NEIGHBORHOOD
BASICALLY BY THE PROPERTY MANY,
MANY TIMES.
OK, MY LIVE SEVERAL BLOCKS OFF
IN GEORGETOWN.
OK, SO I&apos;M ACTUALLY LEANING
AGAINST THIS AND THIS IS A
PRETTY EASY GROUP.
WE APPROVE MOSTLY THE PROBLEM
I&apos;M HAVING WITH THIS IS IT&apos;S A
GREAT HOUSE.
THE PHOTOS SHOW I&apos;VE NEVER SEEN
THE YARD BECAUSE IT&apos;S HIDDEN BY
TREES.
YES, IT HAS A FANTASTIC
BACKYARD.
IT&apos;S A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
THE WHOLE STREET CEDAR BROOK IS
REALLY NICE.
IT OPENS UP INTO THE TOP
OF GEORGETOWN.
WHY BIKE DOWN?
THE QUESTION IS THE CRITERIA
WE&apos;RE CONSTRAINED BY.
YOU MENTIONED PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY BUT THERE&apos;S ALSO THE
OTHER ONE OF YOU KNOW, MINIMUM
USE THIS WILL GRANTING THE
VARIANCE WOULD ALLOW THE
MINIMAL REASONABLE USE OF THE
PROPERTY AND I DON&apos;T THINK IT
MEETS THAT.
BUT MY QUESTION TO YOU IS WHAT
WHY?
I UNDERSTAND THEY WANT IT BUT
WHY THEY NEED IT THAT&apos;S THE
PROBLEM.
I HAVE IT BECAUSE I CAN&apos;T THINK
I&apos;VE GOT A GREAT HOME AND I
REALLY NEED IT.
&gt;&gt; SURE.
OK, SO MY MY EXPERIENCE AND
SOMETIMES I&apos;VE BEEN DOING THIS
SINCE TWO PEOPLE SEE LIKE THEY
SEEK THE OUTDOORS WITHOUT BUGS
THEY THEY DON&apos;T HAVE ANY
OF THAT.
THEY HAVE A LET&apos;S CALL THIS
THEIR ISLAND OF THEIR KITCHEN
CHAIRS ARE RIGHT HERE.
&gt;&gt; DOORBELL&apos;S RIGHT HERE IT&apos;S
LESS THAN FOUR FEET AWAY.
IT&apos;S WHAT THEY&apos;RE TRYING TO DO
IS JUST EXPAND THE AREA.
THEY CAN SIT OUT IN THE YARD.
LIGHT IS ALWAYS BIG AND MANY,
MANY, MANY OF US YOU KNOW,
SEASONAL AFFECTIVE DISORDER IS
WITH EVERY PERSON IN THE WORLD
SOME MORE THAN OTHERS.
SO THEY&apos;RE JUST TRYING TO GET
AN OUTDOOR SPACE.
THEY HAVE A SON HOME ON THE
FRONT OF THE HOUSE THAT IS A
REPLICA WHAT I&apos;M PUTTING ON THE
BACK OF THE HOUSE.
YEAH.
SO THEY WILL CONFORM YOU KNOW,
THE FRONT PIECES.
SO WHICH IS WHERE IDEALLY YOU&apos;D
LIKE TO FACE THE BACKYARD.
SOME PEOPLE WOULD I MEAN THIS
IS GOING NORTH BUT AGAIN IT&apos;S
LIKE AND THEY EXPECT ME YOU
KNOW OUR PRODUCT BUT OUR
PRODUCTS ARE FULL GLASS ALL
GLASS WALLS AND OPEN UP THE
VIEW IS REALLY WHAT IT&apos;S ALL
ABOUT A LOT OF VENTILATION SO
THEY DON&apos;T FEEL LIKE THEY&apos;RE
YOU KNOW, IN A CRAMPED SPACE.
IT&apos;S BRINGING THEM OUTDOORS
WITHOUT THE BUGS.
BUT OF COURSE THEY COULD HAVE,
YOU KNOW, A SCREEN SCREEN PORCH
OR TENT THAT THEY COULD TAKE
DOWN WHEN THE WINTER COMES THEY
COULD DO ALL THAT WELL, I CAN
TELL YOU THOUSANDS OF STORIES
OUT THOUGH.
YOU CAN BUY AN ALOS YOU CAN BUY
IT COSTCO AND YOU BOLT THEM
DOWN AND THE FIRST GOOD BE
SPEAKING TO THEM LIKE OH I&apos;M OK
.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M SORRY SO THAT YOU THOSE
YOU PUT THEM UP YOU BOUGHT THEM
DOWN FIRST.
NICE BIG WIND IT&apos;S IN THE
NEIGHBOR&apos;S YARD SO I MEAN IT&apos;S
A TEMPORARY STRUCTURE AND
THAT&apos;S WHAT&apos;S WEIRD ABOUT
RIARIO SETBACKS IN ANY
COMMUNITY YOU COULD TAKE GAZEBO
AND BUILD IT OUT WITHIN TEN
FEET A LOT LINE IF I&apos;M CORRECT
AND IT MEETS IT MEETS IT SO YOU
GOT TO LEAVE THE HOUSE OVER
THERE AND GET THESE SCREENS IN
THERE.
IT&apos;S JUST UH AND IF YOU LOOK AT
ONE OF THOSE GAZEBOS TEN YEARS
LATER YOU WISH IT WASN&apos;T THERE
BECAUSE IT&apos;S JUST IT FALLS
APART IN THIS CASE WE&apos;RE GOING
TO PUT UP SOMETHING THAT&apos;LL BE
A PERMANENT STRUCTURE, KEEP THE
HOUSE, KEEP YOU DO THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
YOU&apos;RE RIGHT.
THEY DO A BEAUTIFUL
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THERE&apos;S A LOT OF NICE HOMES IN
THERE.
SO WE&apos;RE JUST TRYING TO
MAINTAIN IT AND GIVE THEM THE
SPACE THAT THEY&apos;RE LOOKING FOR
.
THANK YOU, SIR.
NO PROBLEM.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS WITH THIS?
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IF THERE IS ANYONE HERE IN
PERSON THAT WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, PLEASE COME
FORWARD NOW STATE YOUR NAME.
YOU&apos;LL HAVE THREE MINUTES NO
ONE HERE, OK?
&gt;&gt; IF THERE&apos;S ANYONE ACCESSING
A MEETING REMOTELY WHO WISHES
TO SPEAK, PLEASE RAISE YOUR
HAND NOW EITHER VIA THE WEBLINK
OR BY PRESSING STAR NINE ON THE
PHONE AND STAFF WILL CALL ON
YOU BASED ON YOUR LAST FOUR
DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER OR
BY NAME IS AVAILABLE
TO THIS
CALLER SIX SEVEN TO
I WILL NOTE
WHILE WE WAIT AS THE APPLICANT
NOTED WE DID RECEIVE A LETTER
OF SIGNATURES NOTING THAT THEY
APPROVED THE SUNROOM ADDITIONS
FROM MARACAN THREE ZERO EIGHT
SEVEN CEDAR BROOK TOM KENT AT
THREE ZERO EIGHT SEVEN CEDAR
BROOK NICOLE CAN&apos;T QUITE READ
THE LAST NAME AT THREE ONE ZERO
FOUR CEDAR BROOK RICHARD
CANARIA THREE ONE ZERO FOUR
CEDAR BROOK LYNN RICHARDS AT
THREE ZERO SIX THREE CEDAR
BROOK THREE ZERO SEVEN NINE
CEDAR BROOK THREE ONE ONE NINE
CEDAR BROOK THREE ZERO EIGHT
ZERO CEDAR BROOK AND THREE ZERO
EIGHT EIGHT CEDAR BROOK.
WE ALSO RECEIVED AN EMAIL
OF SUPPORT FROM HUNTER CHARVET
AS WELL AS LETTERS OF OBJECTION
FROM WENDY KAUFMAN AND FROM AMY
TO ALL RIGHT IF YOU ARE READY
TO SPEAK ON THIS PETITION YOU
HAVE THREE MINUTES AND THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
&gt;&gt; CAN YOU HEAR OK?
&gt;&gt; YES, GOOD EVENING.
MY WIFE MARY AND I ARE BOTH
HERE TOGETHER.
THANK YOU FOR TAKING OUR
COMMON.
WE LIVED AT THIRTY EIGHTY CEDAR
BROOK DRIVE FOR 22 YEARS AND
ARE FAMILIAR WITH THE PROPERTY
HAD THREE ZERO NINE FIVE LIVING
ACROSS THE STREET FROM IT.
WE HAVE NO VESTED INTEREST IN
THIS MATTER OTHER THAN
NEIGHBORS WHO ARE AWARE OF THE
PLANS THAT SEEMS REASONABLE.
YOU ARE BALANCING PROPERTY
RIGHTS AGAINST COMMUNITY RIGHTS
IF YOU&apos;VE LIKELY HEARD THIS
PROPERTY BACK ONTO GREENE ROAD
AND IT&apos;S SEPARATED FROM IT
VISUALLY BY A LANDSCAPE FIRM,
MY WIFE AND I RUN RECYCLE ALONG
THE PEDESTRIAN PATH ON EVERY
ROAD MOST DAYS OF THE YEAR AND
NEITHER IN WINTER NOR SUMMER IS
THE BACKYARD OF THREE 095
INDIVISIBLE VARIANTS SUCH AS IS
REQUESTED FOR THIS SONG WILL
HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO IMPACT ON
ANY COMMUNITY MEMBER USING
REMOTE AREA BEHIND THE PROPERTY
TO IGNORE.
&gt;&gt; IN FACT IF EVERY HOUSE ON
SEABROOKE THAT BACKS UNDER
GREEN ROAD WERE TO BE GRANTED A
SIMILAR VARIANCE THERE WOULD
STILL BE NO LOSS OF USE VISUAL
OR OTHERWISE ANYBODY THE SIZE
AND SCOPE OF THE PROPOSED
PROJECT REQUIRING THE VARIANCE
WILL HAVE NO IMPACT.
GROUNDWATER MANAGEMENT IS
SIMPLY TOO SMALL FOR THAT.
FINALLY, THE VISUAL IMPACT ON
THE IMMEDIATE NEIGHBORS IS
LIKELY TO BE MINIMAL GIVING
GIVEN THE EXISTING DESIGN
OF THE HOUSE THE OWNERS
OF THREE ZERO EIGHT SEVEN PETER
BROOK THE HOME IMMEDIATELY WHAT
A THREE ZERO NINE FIVE HAVE
SPOKEN PREVIOUSLY.
&gt;&gt; THEY HAVE NO OBJECTION
EXPERIENCE AND AS MENTIONED YOU
HAVE THEIR LETTER BACK A NUMBER
OF IMPORTANT PURPOSES IN HIS
OWN NEIGHBORHOOD WHETHER
ESTHETIC OR FUNCTIONAL.
HOWEVER, THE LOCATION AND
ENCROACHMENT REQUESTED HERE
WOULD APPEAR TO VIOLATE EITHER
WE URGE YOU TO GRANT THE
PETITIONERS THE REQUESTED
VARIANCE.
THANK THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; THERE IS ANYONE ELSE WHO
WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION.
PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND NOW
COLOR ON THE SEVEN ONE ONE
EMPLOYEE PROMOTING THE MEETING
.
&gt;&gt; HELLO HELLO.
HI MY NAME IS MONIKA.
I LIVE AT TWENTY THREE FORTY
GEORGETOWN AND THE CURRENT
PRESIDENT OF ME I THINK I DID
MY NAME IS WANTED TO COME IN I
LIVE AT TWENTY THREE FORTY
GEORGETOWN AND I&apos;M THE CURRENT
PRESIDENT OF THE ORCHARD
OF MAPLEWOOD HOMEOWNERS
ASSOCIATION.
SOME OF YOU MAY KNOW ME AS A
FORMER FELLOW CBA MEMBER IN
HAVE PROVIDED YOU WITH A LETTER
ABOUT THIS REQUEST.
I HOPE YOU TOOK THE TIME TO
READ MY LETTER.
I LAID OUT THE REASONS WHY I
THOUGHT THIS REQUEST SHOULD NOT
BE APPROVED.
I LISTENED TO THE PETITIONER
DURING THE MAY MEETING AND I
STILL BELIEVE THE REQUEST DOES
NOT MEET ANY OF THE FIVE
STANDING STANDARDS FOR
OBTAINING A VARIANCE AND THAT
AS WRITTEN WOULD ALLOW THIS
PROPERTY TO HAVE UP TO 20 FOOT
SIX OR SEVEN INCH.
BUT WE ARE SET BACK WHEN ALL
THE OTHER NEIGHBORS HAVE 34
STEP BACK.
&gt;&gt; I ALSO INDICATED THAT I
THOUGHT THE REQUEST FOR
PERMISSION TO ALTER A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE WOULD HAVE
BEEN A MORE APPROPRIATE
REQUEST.
NEVERTHELESS, I DON&apos;T BELIEVE
YOU SHOULD APPROVE THAT EITHER.
NEARLY ALL OF THE PROPOSED
ADDITIONS IS IN THE BACK AND
EXACERBATES THE NON CONFORMANCE
OF THE STRUCTURE.
WHAT IS PROPOSED IS A LUXURY
AND THOUGH IT MIGHT BE ENJOYED
BY THE OWNERS, THIS STRUCTURE
ALREADY PROVIDES A REASONABLE
USE OF THE PROPERTY.
I LEARNED OF THIS REQUEST
DISCUSS OF CITIZENS HOMEOWNERS
ASSOCIATION COPY OF POSTCARDS
WENT TO THE NEIGHBORS.
I RESPONDED BECAUSE I WAS ON
THE BOARD BACK IN 1986 WHEN THE
WINDSOR PROJECT WAS SUBMITTED.
OUR ASSOCIATION MEMBERS WORKED
WITH THE CITY CITY COUNCIL AND
THE DEVELOPER TO CREATE A
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT THAT
WOULD PROVIDE SOLUTIONS TO
HANDLING THE DRAINAGE PROBLEMS
THAT WERE EXPECTED FROM THIS
DEVELOPMENT BECAUSE OF THE
TOPOGRAPHY AND THE SWAMPY AREA,
THE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
REQUIRED STORMWATER TO BE
DIRECTED TO THE WEST, A
DRAINAGE EASEMENT OF CREATION
AND MANAGEMENT OF DETENTION
SIGNED AND IT SECURED A PORTION
OF THE PROPERTY TO BE ADDED TO
THE CITY&apos;S PARKLAND.
&gt;&gt; THE ROAD WAS NOT THERE AT
THE TIME THIS WAS APPROVED.
UNFORTUNATELY THE CITY
DEVELOPER DID NOT CARRY OUT
THIS REQUIREMENTS AND WORSE THE
CITY FAILED TO ENFORCE THEM.
BUT AS YOU CAN SEE BY LOOKING
AT THE PETITIONERS DRAWING ON
THE SURVEY, THE DRAINAGE
EASEMENT WAS RECORDED
SOMEWHERE.
THE DETENTION WAS NOT CORRECTLY
RECORDED AND ULTIMATELY WAS
SOLD FOR 90 MINUTES TAXES
MULTIPLE TIMES BECAUSE THE
PLANNING STAFF WOULD NOT ALLOW
ANYONE TO BUILD IN THE
DETENTION PLANT.
&gt;&gt; FINALLY A NEIGHBOR PURCHASED
IT TO KEEP IT FROM BEING SOLD
OVER AND OVER.
OUR ASSOCIATION BROUGHT THIS TO
THE ATTENTION OF PLANNING BUT
IT ISN&apos;T IN OUR PROOF DENHA TO
FORCE ANYTHING ON THESE
PROPERTIES.
I WAS ABLE TO GET THE DONATED
PARKLAND RECORDED BUT THEY
IGNORED THE REST OF THE
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT.
YOU HAVE THIRTY SECONDS
REMAINING YOU WILL BE GRANTING
RELIEF TO OWNERS TO HAVE
SOMETHING SAY LIKE WHAT
EVERYONE ELSE SAYS.
INSTEAD YOU&apos;LL BE GRANTING
SOMETHING THEY WILL ENJOY THAT
MIGHT NEGATIVELY AFFECT THEIR
NEIGHBORS BY MAKING MORE
IMPERVIOUS FLAT SURFACE AND
INCREASING THE POTENTIAL FOR
FLOODING.
&gt;&gt; I HOPE YOU REJECT BUT IF YOU
IMPROVE APPROVED I HOPE YOU
WILL ACQUIRE THE PROPERTY OWNER
TO REMOVE THE IMPERVIOUS
SURFACE THAT THEY HAVE PLACED
IN THE DRAINAGE EASEMENT AND
PROVIDE ATTENTION FOR THEIR
STORMWATER INSTEAD
OF ENCOURAGING WATER TO GO
THROUGH THEIR NEIGHBOR&apos;S YARD.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
ANYONE ELSE WHO WISHES TO SPEAK
PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND.
DO YOU HAVE ANY
HELLO?
HI.
WE&apos;RE GETTING A LOT
OF FEEDBACK.
&gt;&gt; CAN YOU PLEASE MUTE ANY
BACKGROUND SOUND YOU HAVE THERE
?
OK
CAN YOU HEAR ME BETTER?
&gt;&gt; YES THAT&apos;S MUCH BETTER.
THANK YOU.
OK HELLO
.
&gt;&gt; HELLO I&apos;M AMY TO OWNER
OF THE HOUSE AT THIRTY ONE IS
OBVIOUSLY THERE ARE ONLY TWO
DOORS DOWN FROM THIRTY NINETY
FIVE BEAVERBROOK BECAUSE I
HESITATED TO SUBMIT MY LETTER
UNTIL 11 15 THIS MORNING FOR
THE SAKE OF FRIENDSHIP WITH THE
HOMEOWNERS AT THIRTY NINETY
FIVE THAT HAS LASTED MORE THAN
THIRTY YEARS I DON&apos;T KNOW I ALL
THE DECISION MAKERS HAVE THE
CHANCE TO READ MY LETTER I READ
I LIKE TO SUMMARIZE YOUR LETTER
I SAID FIRST OF ALL THE TWENTY
EIGHT FAMILIES ON BOOK ROAD ARE
VERY FRIENDLY TO ONE ANOTHER
AND WOULD NOT HESITATE TO SIGN
ANYTHING WHEN ASKED IN MOST
CASES NINE IN SIGNED FORM
CALLED APPROVE SIGNATURES FOR A
ROOMS ADDITION ZIBA THAT FOUR
SEASONS THEIR ROOMS ASK
NEIGHBORS TO SIGN EIGHT OUT
OF NINE WILL NOT BE AFFECTED BY
THE PROPOSED ROOM FOR VARIOUS
REASONS THE GLARING ABSENCE
SIGNATURES ARE FROM THE TWO
HOUSES IMMEDIATELY LOWER THAN A
HOUSING AUTHORITY.
NINETY FIVE INCLUDING MY
SIGNATURE BECAUSE THE TWO
HOMEOWNERS KNOW THAT MORE WATER
WILL COME OUR WAY IF THE SAME
ROOM IS ALLOWED TO BE BUILT.
&gt;&gt; MANY NEIGHBORHOODS IN ANN
ARBOR HAVE TO DEAL WITH THEIR
WATER ISSUES IF THEY ARE
LITIGATION AVERSE NO ONE WILL
HEAR ABOUT THE PROBLEMS THE
DRAIN LAW FOR MICHIGAN LAND
OWNERS FROM SEPTEMBER 1990
STREET AND UPDATED BY THE
COUNTY IN OCTOBER 2000 THREE
SEEMS TO ENCOURAGE NEIGHBORS TO
ASSUME NEIGHBORS SO THAT THE
CITY OR THE COUNTY DOES NOT
HAVE TO DEAL WITH A WATER
PROBLEMS WITH A RECENT TREND
OF LIVING MORE OUTDOOR WITH
PATIOS AND SUN ROOMS, THE
CLIMATE CHANGE THAT BRINGS
INCREASING PRECIPITATION IN
WASHINGTON COUNTY AND
POPULATION GROWTH DOUBLE SINCE
1963.
IT IS TIME FOR THE COUNTY AND
THE CITY TO UPDATE THE DRAIN
LAW FOR MICHIGAN OF NINETEEN
SIXTY THREE INSTEAD
OF RELEGATING LAWSUITS AMONG
NEIGHBORS TO SOLVE WATER
PROBLEM.
ACTUALLY THE ORIGINAL DRAIN LAW
WAS FOR FARMERS NOT FOR
SUBURBANITES IN CROWDED
SUBDIVISIONS.
I THEREFORE PROPOSE THAT THIS
SAME ROOM PROJECT THEIR EIGHTY
FIVE NEED WILL BE ON HOLD UNTIL
THE LAWS GOVERNING MITIGATE
WATER IN THE CITY ARE UPDATED.
THANK YOU.
ANYONE ELSE WISHES TO SPEAK
PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND ALL YOUR
THAN ANYONE ELSE WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK.
PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND
ALREADY
THIS IS YOUR GARDEN AGAIN WE
DID NOT HAVE ANOTHER COMMENT
BUT WE WERE ASKED BY THE SYSTEM
TO UNMUTED
THAN ANY OTHER
PUBLIC COMMENT FOR THIS
PETITION.
&gt;&gt; IF SO PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND
NOT SEEING ANY MORE COLOR ALL
RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THE PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
AND WE&apos;RE IN DISCUSSION AND BE
VOTING AGAINST THERE IS NO
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY ZONING
ORDINANCES AND ALL THE REST
OF THE STANDARDS I KNOW YOU
KNOW WHAT YOU WANT NICE TO
HAVE.
BUT WE ALSO HAVE TO DEAL WITH
THE REST OF THE COMMUNITY AND
THEIR POSITION ON THE ZONING
YOU KNOW, BY THE ZONING.
SO I&apos;M GOING TO SAY NO ANY
FURTHER DISCUSSION.
DAVE?
I&apos;M GENERALLY FAVORABLE TO
SINGLE FAMILY HOME OWNERS
TRYING TO MAKE MORE EFFICIENT
OR BETTER USE OF THEIR LAND.
I&apos;M STRUCK BY THE FACT THAT
THIS PARTICULAR LOT HAS MORE
IMPERVIOUS SURFACE THAN ANY
OF THE ADJACENT LOTS THAT YOU
COULD SEE FROM THE AERIAL
PHOTOS.
I WOULD ENCOURAGE THE
HOMEOWNERS TO DO SOMETHING TO
HELP ADDRESS THE DRAINAGE
ISSUES IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
WHICH APPARENTLY HAVE A
NEGATIVE IMPACT ON THEIR
NEIGHBORS TO THE EAST ONE WHO
JUST TESTIFIED I&apos;M AGHAST THAT
THE CITY ALLOWED THIS
DEVELOPMENT TO GO IN WITH THE
DRAINAGE EASEMENT AND THEN
NEVER ENFORCE IT AND THE RESULT
OF THAT OVERSIGHT AND
ENFORCEMENT BY THE CITY HAS
CAUSED RESIDENTS UP HERE I&apos;M
SURE WITH THE INCREASED
SEVERITY OF OUR PRECIPITATION
EVENTS WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
HAPPENING WHERE HAD I&apos;M SURE
HAS CAUSED THEM A LOT
OF TROUBLE WITH FLOODING
ISSUES.
I THINK THIS PROPOSAL DOES
NOTHING TO ALLEVIATE THAT
PROBLEM AND PROBABLY DOES A
LITTLE BIT TO EXACERBATE THE
PROBLEM.
I JUST HAVE TO VOTE NO ON ANY
OTHER DISCUSSION.
WE READY FOR EMOTION?
I COULD MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU DE ZEBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TWO ZERO ZERO EIGHT THREE
ZERO NINE FIVE CEDAR BROOK ROAD
BASED ON THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A NINE
FOOT FIVE INCH REAR YARD
SETBACK VARIANCE FROM CHAPTER
FIVE UNIFIED DEVELOPMENT
CODE TABLE FIVE SEVENTEEN DASH
ONE SINGLE FAMILY DISTRICT
DIMENSIONS THE APPLICANT IS
PROPOSING CONSTRUCTION OF A TEN
FOOT BY SIX FOOT SUNROOM AT THE
REAR OF THE RESIDENCE.
THE SUNROOM WILL BE TWENTY FEET
SEVEN INCHES FROM THE REAR
LINE.
THE SCREENED PORCH IS TO BE
BUILT PER THE SUBMITTED PLANS.
THERE IS PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY
THAT IS EXCEPTIONAL PECULIAR TO
THE PROPERTY AND RESULTS IN
CONDITIONS THAT DO NOT EXIST
GENERALLY THROUGHOUT THE CITY.
THE MOTION TO SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRIS TODD.
NO ELIZABETH NO CHRIS MADIGAN,
NO JULIA NO.
I ALSO KNOW DAVE I DO ALREADY
KNOW CHRIS FARLEY.
NO, THE REQUEST IS DENIED.
MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY TWO DASH TWO ZERO ZERO
SEVEN ONE TWO ONE ONE ST. JOHN
ALL RIGHT, DARREN VERMAELEN
STUDIOS REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY OWNERS IS SEEKING
VARIANCES FROM TABLE FIVE POINT
SEVENTEEN DASH THREE MULTIPLE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
DIMENSIONS AND SECTION FIVE
POINT EIGHTEEN POINT ONE
SUBSECTION FOUR FRONT PORCHES
TO CONSTRUCT A THREE UNIT HOME
STRUCTURE.
THE BUILDING REQUIRED WILL
REQUIRE A 12 FOOT ELEVEN INCH
VARIANCE FROM THE REQUIRED 30
FOOT REAR SETBACK.
THE SECOND STORY BALCONY WILL
REQUIRE A SIX FOOT EIGHT INCH
VARIANCE TO ENCROACH INTO THE
AVERAGE FRONT SET BACK.
THE EXISTING SINGLE FAMILY
RESIDENCE IS TO BE DEMOLISHED.
THE PROPERTY IS OWNED.
OUR FORESEE MULTIPLE FAMILY
DWELLING DISTRICT THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY IS LOCATED AT THE
NORTHEAST INTERSECTION OF WHITE
STREET AND BROOKWOOD PLACE.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD LIES BETWEEN
PACARD ROAD TO THE EAST AND
STATE STREET AND UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN ATHLETIC BUILDINGS
TO THE WEST.
THE EXISTING RESIDENCE WAS
CONSTRUCTED IN 1915 AND IS
APPROXIMATELY ONE THOUSAND
FIFTY SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE PROPOSED TOWNHOME UNITS
WILL BE THREE STORIES AND
CONSIST OF SIX BEDROOMS AND
EACH FOR A TOTAL OF EIGHTEEN
BEDROOMS OVERALL IN THE
STRUCTURE THE SITE ALSO
PROVIDES SIX PARKING PARKING
SPACES AT GRADE DUE TO THE
CORNER LOCK CONFIGURATION.
THE REAR YARD SET BACK
OF THIRTY FEET IS APPLIED TO
THE NORTH SIDE OF THIS LOT.
THIS IS THE REAR YARD STEP BACK
VARIANCE REQUESTED OF TWELVE
FEET 11 INCHES THAT IS BEING
REQUESTED.
THE PROPOSED STRUCTURE WILL
HAVE FRONT PORCHES THAT FACE
WHITE STREET.
THE APPLICANT IS REQUESTING
VARIANCE FOR THESE BALCONIES
ABOVE THE ABOVE WITH ACCESS
FROM THE SECOND STORY THAT WILL
PROJECT INTO THE FRONT THAT
THAT SECTION FIVE POINT
EIGHTEEN POINT ONE SUBSECTION
FOUR ALLOWS FOR FRONT PORCHES
TO ENCROACH UP TO EIGHT FEET IN
THE FRONT STEP BACK.
HOWEVER, THIS CODE PROVISION
DOES NOT ALLOW FOR EXTENSIONS
ABOVE THE FIRST FLOOR THE FIRST
SLIDE IF YOU TURN YOUR
ATTENTION TO YOUR MONITORS
YOU&apos;LL SEE THE HIGHLIGHTED
PARCEL.
IT&apos;S IN THE CENTER OF YOUR
SCREEN AT THE CORNER OF WHITE
AND BROOKWOOD PLACE.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS EXISTING
CONDITIONS SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND THE STATE OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND THE NEXT SLIDE
SHOWS THE ZOOMED IN AREA OF THE
EXISTING PROPERTY.
AS I STATED EARLIER, THIS
EXISTING SINGLE FAMILY HOME
WILL BE DEMOLISHED AND THE
FRONT SET BACK FOR THE PROPERTY
YOU&apos;LL HAVE TO FRONT SET BACKS
ALONG WHITE AND ROOKWOOD THE
REAR THAT BLACK IS ON THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE LOT OPPOSITE FROM
THE SHORTER OF THE TWO LINEAR
FRONTAGES AND THIS IS THE SIDE
YARD.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SITE
PLAN.
YOU SEE THE PROPOSED THIS IS
GOING TO BE THE CONFLICTING
LAND USE BUFFER ALONG THE NORTH
SIDE AND ALONG THE SIDE YARD
THEY MEET THE FIFTEEN FEET OVER
HERE THEY MEET THE 15 FOOT CLUB
OVER ON THIS SIDE.
HOWEVER, THEY DON&apos;T MEET THE
OBVIOUSLY THE REQUESTED 12 FOOT
ELEVEN INCH VARIANCE TO THE
NORTH.
THEY&apos;RE ONLY 19 FEET ONE INCH
FROM THAT REAL OUTLINE AND YOU
SEE THE CONFIGURATION OF THE
FRONT PORCHES WITH THE
BALCONIES AND IN THE PARKING
SPACES BELOW.
THESE ARE THE UNIT PLANS
SHOWING THE FIRST, SECOND AND
THIRD FLOORS
.
THESE ARE THE TYPICAL UNITS TWO
THROUGH FOUR PLANT FLOOR PLANS
.
&gt;&gt; THESE ARE THE EXTERIOR
ELEVATIONS BEING PROPOSED.
YOU SEE THE NORTH ELEVATION,
THE WEST ELEVATION NEXT TO IT
THAT&apos;S LOOKING FROM WHITE
STREET AND THEN THE SLA VERSION
LOOKING FROM BACKWARD PLACE AND
THEN THE EAST ELEVATION ON THE
ALONG SIDE PROPERTY LINE.
&gt;&gt; THESE ARE SOME OF THE
MATERIALS AND A RENDERING THAT
WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION AND SOME EXISTING
EXTERIOR PHOTOS THAT WERE
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
BY THE APPLICANT OF THE
EXISTING PROPERTY.
&gt;&gt; AND THESE ARE THE PHOTOS
THAT I TOOK OF MY INSPECTION
.
THIS IS THE ADJACENT PROPERTY
TO THE NORTH AND THIS IS THE
EXISTING PROPERTY ON THE RIGHT
HAND SIDE OF THE PHOTO.
THIS IS LOOKING AT THE REAR
YARD PORTION OF THE LOT LOOKING
DOWN WHITE STRAIGHT TO THE
NORTH AND HAVING TO BE
DEMOLISHED.
YOU CAN SEE THE SIDEWALK IN THE
LITTLE BIT THE FRONT PORCH AND
THEN THE NEIGHBORING PROPERTY
TO THE NORTH.
THIS IS LOOKING AT THE EXISTING
SINGLE FAMILY HOME FROM
BROOKWOOD PLACE AND THIS IS THE
FRONT YARD ALONG BROOKWOOD AND
THE NEIGHBOR TO THE EAST AND
THE BROWN HOUSE AND THESE ARE
THE NEIGHBORS ACROSS THE STREET
TO THE WEST ON WHITE STREET AND
THIS LAST RENDERING IS THE
APPLICANT ASKED TO HAVE THIS
SUBMITTED TODAY AND THEY WILL
BE DISCUSSING THIS SLIDE.
&gt;&gt; THAT IS ALL I HAVE AT THIS
TIME.
I WILL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS?
&gt;&gt; DO IT.
JOHN, CAN YOU GO BACK TO THE
SLIDE OF THE MATERIALS SO ALL
WERE THE VARIANCE JUST FOR THIS
BALCONY THAT&apos;S ONE OF THE TWO
OF YOU KNOW, YOU SEE HOW THE
FRONT PORCH CAN EXTEND INTO THE
FRONT STEP BACK.
BUT SINCE THIS CANNOT OK AND
THEN THE OTHER ONE IS THE NORTH
SIDE IS THE SIDE THEY NEED 30
FOOT SET BACK AND THEY ONLY
HAVE 19 FEET ONE INCH THEY&apos;RE
ASKING FOR AH 18 FEET ONE INCH.
THEY&apos;RE ASKING FOR MY MATH IS
TERRIBLE 17 FEET ONE OR ASKING
FOR TWELVE FEET 11 INCHES.
OK, THEY HAVE THE PROPERTY TO
DO A 15 FOOT CONFLICTING LAND
USE UP OR THEY JUST DON&apos;T HAVE
THE REAR SETBACK OF THIRTY FEET
.
OK, ELIZABETH, I HAVE A
QUESTION ABOUT THE CONFLICTING
LAND USE VERSUS THE SETBACK.
I NEED A LITTLE MORE
EXPLANATION OF THAT.
&gt;&gt; WHY IS THIS A CONFLICTING
LAND USE THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S WHAT
THEY CALL IT.
IT&apos;S THEY MEET THAT THEY DON&apos;T
NEED A VARIANCE WITH THE OK BUT
IT IT&apos;S BECAUSE IT&apos;S THERE IT&apos;S
GOING TO BE A MULTI FAMILY UNIT
NEXT TO A SINGLE FAMILY.
BUT EVEN OUR CODE STILL
REQUIRES MULTIFAMILY TO PUT A
CONFLICTING LANIE&apos;S BUFFER
AGAINST MULTI-FAMILY.
OH MY GOSH.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING WE
NEED TO CHANGE.
WE&apos;VE DISCUSSED IT IN THE PAST.
&gt;&gt; OH MY GOODNESS.
OK, BUT THEY STILL THEY DON&apos;T
NEED A VARIANCE OF THAT.
&gt;&gt; THEY&apos;RE GOING TO THEY&apos;RE
GOING TO MEET THAT REQUIREMENT
OF PLANTING&apos;S.
OK, SO SO WHAT THEY&apos;RE ACTUALLY
GOING TO HAVE 19 FEET INSTEAD
OF 30 WAIT NO.
AND MAYBE I&apos;M NOT SEEING A MAP
.
THE CONFLICTING LAND USE BUFFER
IS IS FINE.
CORRECT.
BUT THEN DO THEY HAVE TO HAVE A
30 FOOT SET BACK FROM THAT OR A
THIRTY FIVE OR 30 FOOT STEP
BACK FROM THIS PROPERTY LINE
RIGHT HERE
?
OK, THAT&apos;S THEIR PROPERTY LINE
AND WHAT I&apos;M IN TROUBLE NINE
WHITE THREE THEY HAVE TO HAVE
THIRTY FEET OK AND THEY HAVE
INSTEAD 17 FEET ONE INCH THAT&apos;S
OK NOW I AM CLEAR THANK YOU
SORRY REQUIRED I WAS 12 FOOT
ELEVEN IT&apos;S VERY THIN THAT&apos;S
GOTCHA.
&gt;&gt; OK THANK YOU DE SO JOHN IF
THEY LOPPED OFF THIS TOP UNIT
THE NORTHERNMOST UNIT SO THEY
WOULD HAVE TWO UNITS THERE AND
DIDN&apos;T PUT THE BALCONY&apos;S ON
THEY IF THEY DID THAT THEY
WOULD COMPLY WITH OUR ZONING.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
OK, CHRIS THE BUT THE THE THREE
UNITS ON A LOT THE SIZES
PERMITTED BY RIGHT.
RIGHT.
OTHER THAN THESE ARE CLUSTER
VARIANCES THERE&apos;S NO THERE&apos;S
NOTHING ELSE THAT CONFLICTS
WITH CORRECT.
OK, THE LOT MEETS THE AREA AND
THE WIDTH REQUIREMENTS TODD
JOHN WHAT IS THE RATIONALE FOR
THE RULE THAT YOU CAN HAVE A
FIRST FLOOR FRONT PORCH
ENCROACH A LITTLE BIT BUT NOT
THE SECOND OR THIRD ONES?
I GUESS IT&apos;S A LITTLE
INAPPOSITE QUESTION BUT I&apos;M
UNCLEAR ABOUT THE RATIONALE
THAT HAVE TO DO WITH SHADING OR
WHAT&apos;S WHAT&apos;S THE REASONING?
&gt;&gt; DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH
WHAT EXCUSE ME PERHAPS SHE
SHADING OR BEING MORE I KNOW
THAT&apos;S MY QUESTION.
WHY CAN YOU HAVE AN
ENCROACHMENT FOR THE FIRST
FLOOR FRONT PORCH BUT NOT FOR
THE SECOND OR THIRD.
SO THE CODE IS RIGHT THERE
BELOW IT IN THE STACK REPORT.
RIGHT.
AND THAT&apos;S SO WHEN THREE, FOUR
YEARS AGO THIS CODE WAS WRITTEN
SO WE DIDN&apos;T HAVE QUITE SO MANY
VARIOUS REQUESTS FOR FRONT
PORCHES.
GET IT?
LOOK AT MYSELF IN THE PLANNING
MANAGER WROTE THE ORDINANCE TO
ALLOW FRONT PORCHES TO ENCROACH
ONCE IT WENT THROUGH THE
ORDINANCE REVIEW COMMITTEE,
PLANNING COMMISSION AND
ULTIMATELY CITY COUNCIL FOR
APPROVAL WHAT WAS CAME OUT IN
THE WHOLE PROCESS WAS IT WAS
FRONT FIRST FLOOR FRONT PORCHES
ONLY THAT HAD TO BE COVERED BY
A ROOF OR CAN IT BE HAD TO BE
OPEN IN AN ENCLOSED SO THROUGH
ALL THE DISCUSSION PROBABLY A
TWO YEAR PROCESS IT WAS
ULTIMATELY DECIDED THAT THEY
DIDN&apos;T WANT TO EXTEND BEYOND
THE FIRST FLOOR.
OK, THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR JAN?
YES.
JUST TO CLARIFY THAT IF THOSE
WEREN&apos;T BALCONY&apos;S IT WOULDN&apos;T
BE THE NEED FOR THERE.
THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
IF THEY REMOVED THE RAILINGS
AND THE ACCESS FROM THE SECOND
FLOOR IT WOULD JUST BE A FIRST
FLOOR REPORT AND THEY WOULDN&apos;T
NEED THAT VERY NEAR THE
QUESTION.
&gt;&gt; RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONER IS READY, YOU
MAY BEGIN YOUR PRESENTATION.
&gt;&gt; YOU WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
I&apos;M HEARING FROIKS STUDIO.
I&apos;M SCOTT CLOSSON.
I&apos;M GOING TO BE A CONTRACTOR
AND THE JOB BUT AARON FROM OUR
STUDIO IS GOING TO DO THE
EXPLAINING HE SHOULD BE ON
ZOOME HE&apos;S TRYING TO GET IN THE
AND I DID MAKE A PRINTOUT
OF WHAT JUST WE DID A STUDY TO
SEE WHAT WE COULD ACTUALLY PUT
ON THERE BY RIGHT AND HAVE A
PAPER.
I SAW IT IN THE FILE SO BUT IF
ANYBODY WANTS A PAPER OK, GO
AHEAD AARON.
&gt;&gt; WE CAN HEAR YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
IN OUR TECHNICAL STUDIO AND I
REPRESENT THE LOCAL PROPERTY
OWNERS OF 2011 STREET.
JOHN, I REALLY APPRECIATE YOUR
GUIDANCE ON THIS BECAUSE YOU&apos;VE
BEEN HELPING AND
AND AND I
THINK WE&apos;RE WE&apos;RE TRYING VERY
DILIGENTLY TO DO THAT IN 2011
IS ACTUALLY 52 FEET TO 12 OR
THREE TO THE NORTH.
IT&apos;S YOU KNOW, IT&apos;S ALMOST FOR
THAT NEIGHBORHOOD IN THE
CONTEXT OF THE EXISTING SIDE
YARDS AND THAT IS CURRENTLY
ASSAI YARD AND WHAT WE ARE
PROPOSING ALSO REMOVES A RAJ
THAT IS THREE FOOT FIVE INCHES
FROM THE EAST PROPERTY LINE.
THE WE ARE CORRECTING A FEW
THINGS WITH THAT REVISION
OF THE THREE UNITS THE WATER
STATE IS AN ATTRACTIVE TOWN AS
WE WERE WORKING WITH THE CORNER
ON THE CORNER LOT OBVIOUSLY FOR
IN IN MY OPINION A A BECAUSE
OF THE LENGTH OF THE LOT AND
HAVING TO FRONT YARD FORCES THE
SWITCH THAT NORTH SIDE YARD TO
BE BY CODE DEFINED AS A 30 FOOT
SIDE YARD BUT BUT IN ACTUALITY
I FEEL LIKE THE CONTEXT OF THAT
NEIGHBORHOOD WORKS WELL AND AND
CURRENT 52 FEET IS ACTUALLY A
LOT VACANT SPACE FOR A LITTLE
HOME AND AND THE NEIGHBORHOOD
CONTEXT HAS IS NOT REALLY AS
RELEVANT AS IT COULD BE.
&gt;&gt; OUR PROPOSED DESIGN ALLOWS
FOR FIVE PARKING SPACES
UNDERNEATH THE UNITS KIND OF A
PIANO NORMALLY DESIGN THAT
MEANS WE HAVE, YOU KNOW,
ATTRACTIVE STUBEN A FRONT YARD
WALK UP THAT ALLOWS A VERY
ATTRACTIVE ESTHETIC FROM WHITE
STREET AND THE USE OF THE THE
OF THE I GUESS
OF THE OF THE
WAL-MART SORRY THE OF THE
OF THE ROOM WHERE A BALCONY IS
REALLY THIS ALLOWS YOU KNOW THE
THE ARGUMENTS ON THE SECOND
FLOOR TO GO IN AND ON A VERY
SMALL RESTRICTED BY FOOT
BALCONY JUST TO GET SOME LIGHT
IN THERE AND WE FEEL LIKE
THAT&apos;S JUST THE USE OF OF NOT
AN EXTENSION OF THE SECOND
FLOOR.
IT IS AN EXTERIOR.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS A CHANGE IN THE ROOF
TO A GABRIELE AND WE ARE
PROPOSING YOU KNOW, UNDERNEATH
THAT AT THE PARKING LEVEL ROOM
FOR SOLID WASTE WOULD ALL BE
HIDDEN FROM THE STREET ALONG
WITH LIKE STORAGE AND CHARGING
FOR FOR ONE STATION FOR THE
OCCUPANTS.
SO I GUESS I WOULD LIKE TO
DISCUSSION, YOU KNOW, TO
REVOLVE AROUND THIS DEFINITION
THE REAR YARD BEING, YOU KNOW,
ON THE NORTH END.
I&apos;D LIKE THE CONTEXT TO BE
RELEVANT TO WHAT WE&apos;RE TRYING
TO ACHIEVE HERE WITH A KIND
OF A TOWNHOUSE ESTHETIC.
WE DO STUDY AND IS THE LAST
SLIDE AND WE THIS IS NOT
SOMETHING THAT WE WANT TO DO
BUT WITH THE 30 FOOT HEIGHT WE
WOULD BE ABLE TO ACCOMPLISH THE
THREE UNITS AND IN THE BEDROOMS
BY RIGHT.
UNFORTUNATELY I DON&apos;T THINK AND
I DON&apos;T THINK ANYBODY ON THE
BOARD WOULD AGREE BUT THIS IS
WHAT THE NEIGHBORHOOD WOULD
NEED OR SHOULD HAVE.
BUT YOU KNOW THE ECONOMICS
OF OF ARBOR AND AND AND THIS
SITE, YOU KNOW, IS CHALLENGING.
WE ACTUALLY STUDY A FOUR YEAR
FOUR UNIT COMPLEX AND TOOK
THROUGH SITE PLANNING AND THE
PULL BACK AND WE FEEL LIKE THE
THREE UNIT IS FAIR AND IN ANY
CONTEXT WITH WITH WHITE
STRAIGHT AND WITH THE KIRPAN
BIRTHPLACE THIS THIS IS REALLY
JUST TO SAY, YOU KNOW, CAN WE
FIT IT WITHIN THE 10 FOOT SET
BACK AND YES WE CAN BUT WHAT IT
DOES IS IT IT DEFINES A FLAT
ROOF AND KIND OF AN APARTMENT
LOOK, YOU KNOW, IT WAS YOU
KNOW, DONE A LOT HERE IN THE
60S.
THIS IS NOT SOMETHING WE WANT
TO DO.
WE PROPOSE THAT A MORE
TRADITIONAL ESTHETIC THAT HAS
BEEN DESIGNED WITH THE THREE
UNIT TOWNHOUSE, THE BE
APPRECIATED.
OH BUT LET ME KNOW ANY
QUESTIONS THAT CAN THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; SO I WOULD JUST LIKE TO
CONTINUE EARNED IT A GOOD JOB
BUT THIS IS NOT JUST FOR
FINANCIAL GAINS.
WE CAN DO THE THREE UNITS SIX
BEDROOMS EACH BUY RIGHT.
IT&apos;LL BE A MUCH MORE ATTRACTIVE
TOWNHOUSE STYLE THE WAY THAT
OIKS IS DESIGNED IT FITS IN A
WAY BETTER WITH THE
NEIGHBORHOOD THE SINGLE FAMILY
HOUSE THAT&apos;S THERE IN VALOT NOW
WITH THE BIG OPEN SIDE YARD
RIGHT NOW DOESN&apos;T IT LOOKS OUT
OF PLACE AND I JUST THINK IT&apos;S
A GOOD PROJECT.
IT&apos;S GOING TO LOOK GREAT IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND JUST IT&apos;S
GOING TO BE HELPED BEAUTIFY THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONERS?
&gt;&gt; YES, SIR.
WHAT I I GUESS THE QUESTION FOR
BOTH OF YOU SO YOU HAVE MADE
CLEAR THAT YOU COULD BUILD YOUR
DEMOLISHING THIS STRUCTURE SO
THIS WILL BE A BIG IMPROVEMENT
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
THAT&apos;S GREAT.
I USED TO LIVE DOWN THERE SOME
FAIRLY FAMILIAR WITH IT AND
THESE ARE, YOU KNOW, WORKER BEE
OLD HOMES AND A LOT OF STUDENT
RENTALS AND THIS IS A BIG
UPGRADE.
BUT YOU&apos;VE ALSO SAID THAT YOU
CAN GO AHEAD AND CONSTRUCT
SOMETHING YOU PROPOSE SOMETHING
TO LOOK RATHER SEVERE INTO THE
SIDE BUT YOU HAVE A NUMBER
OF CHOICE YOU COULD CONSTRUCT
SOMETHING THAT WOULDN&apos;T NEED
ANY VARIANCES.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
RIGHT?
YES.
WE HAVE FLAT ROOF WELL BUT SURE
YOU CAN DECIDE IS THE OWNER.
YOU CAN DECIDE WHATEVER DESIGN
YOU WANT.
MY QUESTION IS SIMPLY COULD YOU
BUILD A STRUCTURE AFTER YOU
DEMOLISHED THE EXISTING ONE
WITHOUT VIOLATING THE ZONING
ORDINANCE AND YOU JUST TOLD ME
YES WE CAN BUT THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; YES.
BUT THAT&apos;S I THINK WHAT THE
BOARD IS HERE FOR HELP IMPROVE
THE NEIGHBORHOOD AND ALLOW
THESE VARIANCES TO MAKE YOU OWN
THE PROPERTY.
YOU HAVE THE ULTIMATE SAY AS
LONG AS YOU FOLLOW THE ZONING
ORDINANCE TO PUT WHATEVER YOU
WANT IN THERE, YOU COULD HAVE
AN ORANGE BUILDING WITH PURPLE
STRIPES.
&gt;&gt; YOU HAVE THE POWER TO DO
THAT AND YOU CAN&apos;T CORRECT.
BUT THE CONCEPT THE CORE THE
CORE CONDITION ENFORCES ASIDE
ARE TO BE TO BE DEFINED AS A
REARGUARD AND I WOULD JUST LIKE
EVERYONE TO LOOK AT THIS
PROPERTY AND A LOT WATER LOTS
COME BEFORE THIS ZIBA A LOT NO
PUN INTENDED.
THEY&apos;RE HERE FREQUENTLY BUT
THEY&apos;RE THE CAR LOT IS A
HARDSHIP IT I AGREE BUT YOU
KNOW YOU&apos;RE PROPOSING YOU&apos;RE
TRYING TO RAMMASUN BY SAYING IF
YOU DON&apos;T GIVE US THE
ACCEPTANCE OF THE ZONING
ORDINANCE WE&apos;RE GOING TO BUILD
THIS BUILDING.
&gt;&gt; YOU KNOW WHAT AND WE DON&apos;T
LIKE THAT AND WE WE DON&apos;T I&apos;M
NOT GOING TO VOTE FOR THIS OK?
WE DON&apos;T LIKE IT EITHER.
DIDN&apos;T WANT IT&apos;S YOUR GAME.
I RESENT DAVE.
GO AHEAD.
NOT A QUESTION IN THE PETITION.
&gt;&gt; ARE WE IN DISCUSSION?
DON&apos;T WE&apos;RE STILL QUESTIONS TO
THE PETITIONER.
OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONERS?
ELIZABETH, I JUST WANT TO
CLARIFY WHAT WE&apos;RE TALKING
ABOUT BECAUSE I&apos;M NOT I&apos;M I&apos;M
NOT SURE I WAS ENTIRELY CLEAR.
SO THE IMAGE THAT I&apos;M LOOKING
AT ON MY SCREEN RIGHT NOW, THE
BOXY FLAT ROOF YOU ARE SAYING
THAT BY RIGHT YOU COULD DO
THREE UNITS GOING UP.
&gt;&gt; IS THAT WHAT YOU&apos;RE SAYING?
THAT&apos;S WHAT WE&apos;RE SAYING.
&gt;&gt; AND SO THIS IS THAT YOU&apos;RE
ASKING THIS BOARD TO
CONTEMPLATE?
&gt;&gt; NO, IT&apos;S JUST A STUDY
BECAUSE A LOT OF GO THERE.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, EXCEPT THAT THIS WAS
YOU KNOW, MORE THIS STARTED
MANY DIFFERENT WAYS TO FIND THE
GREATEST AND BEST USE OF THIS
PROGRAM AND THIS YOU KNOW, IN
IN LOOKING AT SET BACK WE CAN
ACCOMPLISH THE SAME THING.
UNFORTUNATELY IT DEFINES A
BASICALLY A FLAT GROUP AND WE
DON&apos;T AND WE DON&apos;T WANT TO DO
THAT.
THIS WASN&apos;T THIS WASN&apos;T AN IDLE
THREAT.
IT WAS REALLY A STUDY TO TO TO
JUST SEE WHAT WE CAN DO AND IF
WE COULD DO IT AND WE WERE
HOPING THAT DENHA WOULD
ENCOURAGE A LITTLE MORE RELIEF
FROM WHERE YOU ARE ON THAT
TWELVE FEET AND WHICH WOULD
WHICH WOULD SAVE US FROM TWELVE
THREE FOR THE TOWNHOUSE CONCEPT
.
YOU KNOW IT&apos;S IT&apos;S NOT IT WAS
YOU KNOW IT&apos;S REALLY JUST A
STUDY TO EVALUATE IF WE COULD
DO THE SAME DENSITY AND WE CAN
THAT&apos;S ALL IT WAS.
&gt;&gt; I APPRECIATE THAT AND I WANT
TO TELL YOU THAT I DID NOT
PROJECT ANY ILL MOTIVE ON THAT.
I ACTUALLY I APPRECIATE MORE
INFORMATION RATHER THAN LESS SO
I APPRECIATE YOU OFFERING IT TO
US BECAUSE THAT IS THAT&apos;S
INFORMATIVE TO ME.
I THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, DAVE.
&gt;&gt; OH NO DISCUSSION.
&gt;&gt; NO WE&apos;RE STRONG QUESTIONS
FOR THE PETITIONER.
OK, I GUESS I&apos;LL FRAME IT AS A
QUESTION.
SO YOU&apos;RE LOOKING AT THIS REAR
YARD AND SAYING OH THAT SHOULD
BE TREATED AS A SIDE YARD.
WELL, I WOULD ASK YOU THEN IF
WE TREAT THAT AS A SIDE YARD
WOULDN&apos;T THEN WE TREAT THE YARD
OFF THE LOT LINE ON THE EAST
WOULD BECOME THE REAR YARD.
SO ONE OF THOSE SECTIONS HAS TO
BE THE REAR YARD.
THERE HAS TO BE A REAR YOU
CAN&apos;T HAVE EVERYTHING SIDE.
WE ALSO I&apos;M JUST SAYING YOUR
YOU&apos;RE PUTTING FORWARD A
CONCEPT HERE THAT OH LET&apos;S
TREAT THAT REAR YARD AS A SIDE
YARD BECAUSE THAT&apos;S THE NATURAL
THING OF IT.
WELL OK THEN LET&apos;S TREAT THE
OTHER PIECE AS A AS HAS A REAR
YARD.
YOU&apos;RE PLAYING A GAME WITH THIS
YARD AS A SIDE YARD THING.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT AND ASK
ASK YOU WHAT YOU PREFER US TO
SAY.
&gt;&gt; A REAR YARD SHOULD BE A LONG
THAT LONGER DIMENSION.
&gt;&gt; WHAT WOULD YOU PREFER THAT I
WOULD KNOW THE ANALYSIS
OF NORTH IS BETWEEN 2003 AND
2011 I WAS JUST SAYING THAT THE
CONTEXT OF THE OF THE THREE
UNITS FACING WHITE STREET TO
ANY PEDESTRIAN OR ANYTHING ELSE
WOULD FEEL LIKE A LIKE A SEIGER
.
I&apos;M NOT SAYING IT CONDITIONALLY
AND NOT A REAR GUARD BIKE.
&gt;&gt; SORRY.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR A
PETITIONER.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
IF THERE IS ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION IF YOU ARE IN
PERSON, PLEASE COME FORWARD AT
THIS TIME BEFORE YOU BEGIN,
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE
RECORD YOU HAVE THREE MINUTES
OK?
MY NAME IS CHARLES OLSEN.
&gt;&gt; IS IT OKAY TO TAKE OFF THE
MASK RIGHT.
SO I&apos;VE BEEN LIVING THERE SINCE
1978 AND BIG CHANGES IN THAT
LENGTH OF TIME.
FIFTY PERCENT HOMEOWNER OWNED
AND OCCUPIED WHEN WE MOVED IN
IN 1978 THE CITY IS CHANGING.
WE ALL SEE THAT AROUND US IN
MANY DIFFERENT NEIGHBORHOODS,
SEVERAL PROPERTIES AND COUNTING
LIKE FOUR OR FIVE OF THEM HAVE
GONE TO SIX BEDROOMS FROM THREE
AVERAGE SIZE AND THESE HOUSES I
LIVE IN A HOUSE THAT WAS ONE
OF SEVEN BUILT BY THE SAME
BUILDERS ABOUT TWELVE HUNDRED
AND EIGHTY SQUARE FEET AND
THEY&apos;RE ALL LIKE YOU A TWELVE
AND TWELVE PITCH ON THE ROOF
AND IT LOOKS NICE.
WE USED TO HAVE MORE TREES YOU
KNOW WE&apos;RE KIND THE CITY TO TRY
TO GET MORE BACK IN A COUPLE
OF THEM SEVERAL DIED.
I APPRECIATE THE OWNERS AND A
DESIGNER&apos;S EFFORTS TO CONTINUE
THE ARCHITECTURAL SIGHT
OF ANGLED ROOFS.
IT&apos;S IMPORTANT TO THE
NEIGHBORHOOD TO ME.
WE&apos;VE BEEN LIVING THERE AS I
SAID SINCE 1978 AND AN EFFORT
TO MAKE A PROPERTY LOOK THE
JUST THE JUST DISTINCTIVE
BETWEEN A FLAT ROOF AND THIS I
AM IN SUPPORT OF AND I GUESS
THAT SUMMARIZES MY STANDING.
THANK YOU.
THERE&apos;S ANYONE ELSE HERE IN
PERSON WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS.
PLEASE COME FORWARD IF ANYONE
ACCESSING A MEETING REMOTELY
WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION, PLEASE CALL IN NOW
AND PRESS STAR NINE OR IF
YOU&apos;RE ACCESSING VIA THE WEB
LINK PLEASE USE THE RAISED HAND
FUNCTION.
THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE ANY
CALLERS THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE ARE IN DISCUSSION
THAT SO LET ME CLARIFY MY
EARLIER COMMENT.
PEOPLE HAVE A LOT OF DISCRETION
AS A DEVELOPER, PARTICULARLY
WHEN YOU RAZED THE BUILDING.
WOULD YOU DEMOLISH IT TO BUILD
WHATEVER THEY WANT?
WHAT TIPPED ME OFF WAS ERECTING
THE STRAW MAN SAYING THIS IS
WHAT WE PROPOSE.
IT&apos;S A VERY COOL, NEAT DESIGN
BUT YOU NEED YOUR PROOFS SOME
VARIANCES.
IF NOT, HERE&apos;S THE OTHER THING
WE&apos;RE GOING TO DO AND MY
COMMENT IS SIMPLY THERE ARE A
RANGE OF THINGS THEY COULD DO.
THEY COULD BUILD AN ORANGE
METAL BUILDING WITH BLACK
STRIPES, YOU KNOW, WITH A WEIRD
METAL ORNAMENT AT THE TOP.
THEY HAD THAT ABILITY.
SO I KNOW THERE WAS ONE PROJECT
AND I BELIEVE IT&apos;S I CAN&apos;T
REMEMBER WHICH STREET BECAUSE
YOU HEAD DOWN TO WE USED TO BE
FINGER LUMBER WHERE I THINK THE
CITY PLANNING COMMISSION, THE
OWNER WANTED TO DO THINGS THEY
SAID THEY DIDN&apos;T GET IT SO THEY
BUILT A VERY PLAIN DESIGN.
IT&apos;S THREE OR FOUR HOUSES IN A
ROW.
I CAN&apos;T INFER INTENT BUT THIS
IS A STRAW MAN GAME SET UP.
THEY HAVE THE ABILITY TO DESIGN
WHATEVER THEY WANT.
MY BOTTOM LINE IS THEY DIDN&apos;T
NEED TO COME HERE.
THEY HAVE A MANY CHOICES TO
IMPROVE THE NEIGHBORHOOD THEY
WANT TO WHICH IS WONDERFUL BUT
THEY DON&apos;T NEED A SPECIAL
DISPENSATION FROM US.
THEY DON&apos;T NEED TO COME HERE
AND THAT&apos;S WHY I&apos;M VOTING NO ON
THIS.
DAVE.
&gt;&gt; I LOOK AT OUR STANDARDS FOR
APPROVING A VARIANCE AND
CLEARLY THEY DON&apos;T MEET MOST
OF THEM.
IS THERE A PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY
PECULIAR TO THE PROPERTY?
NO PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY THAT
WILL RESULT FROM FAILURE TO
GRANT THE VARIANCE THAT
INCLUDES SUBSTANTIALLY MORE
THAN MERE INCONVENIENCE OR
INABILITY TO ATTAIN A HIGHER
FINANCIAL RETURN?
NO, BUT A VARIANCE SHALL BE THE
MINIMUM VARIANCE.
IT WILL MAKE POSSIBLE A
REASONABLE USE OF THE LAND OR
STRUCTURE.
&gt;&gt; THERE ARE SO MANY REASONABLE
USES OF THIS PROPERTY TO PUT
REALLY UPS UPSIDES TO
DEVELOPMENT.
THEY COULD PUT A I LIVE IN
BERN&apos;S PARK.
I ACTUALLY GREW UP ABOUT THREE
BLOCKS FROM HERE.
THERE USED TO BE A LILAC BUSH
ON THE SOUTHWEST CORNER THAT
EVERY SPRING I WOULD PULL THE
LINE I WOULD KNOCK ON THE DOOR
AND ASK THE WOMAN WHO LIVED
THERE IF I COULD TAKE SOME
CUTTINGS OFF THE LILAC BUSH TO
GIVE TO MY MOM AS A MOTHER&apos;S
DAY PRESENT AND THAT&apos;S WHEN I
WAS GROWING UP IN JUNIOR HIGH
SCHOOL IN HIGH SCHOOL.
SO I&apos;M REALLY FAMILIAR WITH THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THERE ARE MANY THINGS AND NOW
THAT I LIVE IN WHAT THEY CALL
TENURED PARENTS PARK ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF PACARD
THERE ARE
A NUMBER OF REDEVELOPMENT
PARCELS THERE THAT ARE DUPLEXES
THAT LOOK VERY NICE THAT HAVE
THE SLOPED ROOFS.
THAT COULD BE SOMETHING HERE.
IT COULD BE A DUPLEX.
IT COULD BE LARGER THAN IT IS
AND DELIVER A SUBSTANTIALLY
GREATER RETURN TO THE INVESTORS
THAN WHAT&apos;S THERE NOW THE FACT
IS THOUGH YOU DON&apos;T NEED A
VARIANCE TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN
AND THERE&apos;S JUST IT DOESN&apos;T
MEET OUR STANDARDS AND I&apos;M
GOING TO HAVE TO VOTE NO JULIA
.
&gt;&gt; IT IT KIND OF FEELS LIKE
THERE&apos;S CONFUSION ABOUT WHAT
WE&apos;RE HERE AS A BOARD.
YOU KNOW THAT THE ZONING SAID
AND IT&apos;S ONLY IN THESE CRITERIA
WE&apos;RE SUPPOSED TO CHANGE THEM.
&gt;&gt; I DIDN&apos;T MAKE THE ZONING LAW
AND I&apos;M NOT CRAZY ABOUT IT.
I ACTUALLY THINK, YOU KNOW,
HAVING SPENT A GOOD CHUNK OF MY
LIFE IN CHICAGO IN SINGLE
FAMILY NEIGHBORHOODS, THE
CORNER LOTS WHERE YOU PUT A
THREE FLAT THE CORNER LOTS ARE
THE ONES THAT DON&apos;T NEED A YARD
AND THAT&apos;S WHERE YOU KNOW
BECAUSE SINGLE FAMILY HOMES
THEY&apos;RE LESS DESIRABLE ON THE
CORNER.
SO THAT&apos;S WHERE YOU PUT YOUR
MULTIUNIT.
SO PERSONALLY I WOULD LIKE TO
SEE THE ZONING CODE CHANGE SO
THAT THERE&apos;S THREE FLAT PROPOSE
THE THREE ROW HOUSES WOULD FIT
WITHOUT COMING FOR A VARIANCE
ON A CORNER LOT.
&gt;&gt; BUT IT&apos;S NOT WHAT THE ZONING
CODE IS NOW AND I HAVE TO LOOK
AT THESE CRITERIA.
I DON&apos;T THINK IT MEETS THE
CRITERIA NOW FOR HOW WE CAN
GIVE A VARIANCE.
SO I&apos;M KIND OF DISAPPOINTED
WITH THAT.
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE WE HAVE TO
VOTE NO BECAUSE IT DOESN&apos;T MEET
THE STANDARDS THAT LEGALLY WE
HAVE TO ABIDE BY.
I I GUESS KIND OF ECHO WHAT YOU
JUST SAID, JULIA.
I I APPRECIATE THE GENTLEMAN
FROM THE NEIGHBORHOOD THAT CAME
FORWARD AND SPOKE AND SAID THAT
HE PREFERRED THE THE PROPOSED
DESIGN OVER WHAT COULD BE BUILT
WITHIN THE ENVELOPE WITHOUT A
VARIANCE THAT THAT KIND
OF SPOKE TO ME THAT THE
NEIGHBORHOOD LIKES SOMETHING
THAT LOOKS MORE LIKE WHAT&apos;S
ALREADY THERE AND FITS THE
CHARACTER.
BUT ADMITTEDLY IT&apos;S DIFFICULT
IT&apos;S DIFFICULT TO GET A
VARIANCE WHEN YOU&apos;RE STARTING
WITH DEMOING EVERYTHING
STARTING FROM SCRATCH BECAUSE
YOU ESSENTIALLY HAVE A BLANK
SLATE THAT YOU CAN YOU CAN DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT AND YOU&apos;RE
RIGHT THAT THE CRITERIA IT
DOESN&apos;T REALLY MEET THE
CRITERIA I AND AS MUCH AS I
WOULD PROBABLY SUPPORT THIS, I
DON&apos;T KNOW THAT I CAN BECAUSE
BECAUSE IT DOESN&apos;T IT DOESN&apos;T
CHECK THE BOXES AND IT DOESN&apos;T
CHECK A LOT OF THE BOXES.
CHRIS, YOU&apos;RE RIGHT.
DO YOU THINK THAT IT NEEDS MORE
OF THESE CRITERIA THAN GUYS
MIGHT BE GIVING IT CREDIT FOR?
SO THE LAST VARIANCE THAT WE
CONSIDERED ON CEDAR BROOK THE
LOT WAS APPROXIMATELY 70 200
SQUARE FEET.
THIS LOT IS APPROXIMATELY
EIGHTY FOUR HUNDRED SQUARE
FEET.
THAT&apos;S A SINGLE FAMILY LOT THAT
IS NOT EVEN A BIG SINGLE FAMILY
LOT.
IT&apos;S IT&apos;S A SMALL TO MEDIUM
SIZED TYPICAL FAMILY LOT AND
THE LOT WAS CLEARLY CREATED TO
BUILD SINGLE FAMILY HOMES ON IT
AND IN THE CITY DECIDED AT SOME
POINT I DON&apos;T KNOW WHEN TO
CHANGE IT TO PERMIT MULTIFAMILY
UNITS BY RIGHT.
AND SO WITH A NUMBER
OF REGULATIONS THAT SEEM QUITE
ONEROUS FOR THIS LOT WHICH HAS
TO FRONTAGES AND NEIGHBORING
LOTS WHICH WERE CLEARLY MADE
FOR SINGLE FAMILY HOMES.
AND SO IF YOU&apos;RE LOOKING FOR A
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY, I DON&apos;T
THINK THAT IT WAS SOMETHING
THAT THE OWNER OF THIS LOT
CREATED OR ITS PREDECESSOR
CREATED .
IT&apos;S SOMETHING THAT THE CITY
THEY FORCED A MULTI-FAMILY
CREATED .
DISTRICT IN A TUTE LOTS THAT
THEY FORCED A MULTI-FAMILY
ARE FOR SINGLE FAMILY AND THEN
DISTRICT IN A TUTE LOTS THAT
IT SEEMS LIKE THE ZONING
ARE FOR SINGLE FAMILY AND THEN
CODE DID A GREAT JOB
IT SEEMS LIKE THE ZONING
OF ALLOWING FOR THOSE PERMITTED
CODE DID A GREAT JOB
RIGHTS TO ACTUALLY BE BUILT ON
OF ALLOWING FOR THOSE PERMITTED
THE LOTS THEY&apos;RE ZONED FOR.
RIGHTS TO ACTUALLY BE BUILT ON
RIGHT.
THE LOTS THEY&apos;RE ZONED FOR.
SO THEY&apos;RE SMALL LOTS.
RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; THE THIS ONE HAS MULTIPLE
SO THEY&apos;RE SMALL LOTS.
FRONTAGES BUT YOU CANNOT GO UP
&gt;&gt; THE THIS ONE HAS MULTIPLE
TO GET THE UNITS THAT YOU&apos;RE
FRONTAGES BUT YOU CANNOT GO UP
PERMITTED BY.
TO GET THE UNITS THAT YOU&apos;RE
RIGHT.
PERMITTED BY.
YOU CAN ONLY GO TO THIRTY FEET
RIGHT.
.
YOU CAN ONLY GO TO THIRTY FEET
AND SO I DO THINK THAT A
.
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY EXISTS IF
AND SO I DO THINK THAT A
YOU&apos;RE TRYING TO PROPOSE WHAT
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY EXISTS IF
IS PERMITTED BY RIGHT IN OUR
YOU&apos;RE TRYING TO PROPOSE WHAT
ZONING ORDINANCE.
IS PERMITTED BY RIGHT IN OUR
I THINK THE PROBLEM IS FOR THE
ZONING ORDINANCE.
APPLICANT IS THAT THESE EXIST
I THINK THE PROBLEM IS FOR THE
ON ALL OF THE LOTS AROUND YOU
APPLICANT IS THAT THESE EXIST
AND SO YOUR PROBLEM ISN&apos;T
ON ALL OF THE LOTS AROUND YOU
REALLY PECULIAR TO YOU.
AND SO YOUR PROBLEM ISN&apos;T
YOU MADE THE ARGUMENT ABOUT THE
REALLY PECULIAR TO YOU.
CORNER A LOT AND YOU KNOW,
YOU MADE THE ARGUMENT ABOUT THE
COMBINED WITH THE OTHER
CORNER A LOT AND YOU KNOW,
RESTRICTIONS ON FOR MULTIFAMILY
COMBINED WITH THE OTHER
UNITS IN THIS DISTRICT, I DO
RESTRICTIONS ON FOR MULTIFAMILY
THINK THAT CREATES A PRACTICAL
UNITS IN THIS DISTRICT, I DO
DIFFICULTY.
THINK THAT CREATES A PRACTICAL
I JUST THINK IT CREATES IT FOR
DIFFICULTY.
EVERYONE.
I JUST THINK IT CREATES IT FOR
AND SO YEAH, I THINK WHAT
EVERYONE.
YOU&apos;VE BROUGHT FORWARD IS
AND SO YEAH, I THINK WHAT
BETTER THAN WHAT COULD BE BUILT
YOU&apos;VE BROUGHT FORWARD IS
BY RIGHT.
BETTER THAN WHAT COULD BE BUILT
I JUST THINK YOU&apos;RE IN FRONT
BY RIGHT.
OF THE WRONG BOARD.
I JUST THINK YOU&apos;RE IN FRONT
YOU KNOW, IT SEEMS PRETTY CLEAR
OF THE WRONG BOARD.
TO ME THAT OUR YOU KNOW,
YOU KNOW, IT SEEMS PRETTY CLEAR
UNIFIED CODE HAS TO BE MORE
TO ME THAT OUR YOU KNOW,
ACCOMMODATING OF WHAT ARE
UNIFIED CODE HAS TO BE MORE
CLEARLY A NOT INSIGNIFICANT
ACCOMMODATING OF WHAT ARE
NUMBER OF SLOTS AND DISTRICTS
CLEARLY A NOT INSIGNIFICANT
LIKE THIS IN THEIR SIMILAR AND
NUMBER OF SLOTS AND DISTRICTS
WE&apos;RE GOING TO GET WORSE
LIKE THIS IN THEIR SIMILAR AND
PRODUCT FOR IT.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO GET WORSE
WE&apos;RE NOT GOING TO LOSE
PRODUCT FOR IT.
DENSITY.
WE&apos;RE NOT GOING TO LOSE
&gt;&gt; THEY CAN GET AS MUCH OR MORE
DENSITY.
BUT WE&apos;RE GOING TO GET WORSE.
&gt;&gt; THEY CAN GET AS MUCH OR MORE
I MEAN THIS IS WHAT THEY
BUT WE&apos;RE GOING TO GET WORSE.
BROUGHT FORWARD IS UGLY.
I MEAN THIS IS WHAT THEY
&gt;&gt; IT WORKED FOR ME.
BROUGHT FORWARD IS UGLY.
I DON&apos;T THINK IT FITS IN THE
&gt;&gt; IT WORKED FOR ME.
NEIGHBORHOOD.
I DON&apos;T THINK IT FITS IN THE
I WISH THAT WOULDN&apos;T BE WHAT
NEIGHBORHOOD.
WAS PERMITTED BY WRIGHT.
I WISH THAT WOULDN&apos;T BE WHAT
I WISH THIS WAS AND I THINK THE
WAS PERMITTED BY WRIGHT.
ORDINANCE SHOULD BE CHANGED TO
I WISH THIS WAS AND I THINK THE
REFLECT THAT.
ORDINANCE SHOULD BE CHANGED TO
SO WITH I APPRECIATE CHRIS&apos;S
REFLECT THAT.
COMMENTS AS I WAS FEELING THAT
SO WITH I APPRECIATE CHRIS&apos;S
TOO.
COMMENTS AS I WAS FEELING THAT
I FEEL LIKE THEY&apos;RE THE THE
TOO.
COMBINATION OF THE THE BUFFER
I FEEL LIKE THEY&apos;RE THE THE
AND THE SETBACK MAKE A MAKE IT
COMBINATION OF THE THE BUFFER
PRACTICALLY VERY DIFFICULT AND
AND THE SETBACK MAKE A MAKE IT
UNFORTUNATELY THIS IS THE WRONG
PRACTICALLY VERY DIFFICULT AND
PLACE FOR US TO BE MAKING THAT
UNFORTUNATELY THIS IS THE WRONG
DECISION.
PLACE FOR US TO BE MAKING THAT
I WISH WE COULD MAKE THAT
DECISION.
DECISION BECAUSE IF IF
I WISH WE COULD MAKE THAT
SOMETHING UGLY GETS BUILT HERE,
DECISION BECAUSE IF IF
I&apos;LL Y AND YEAH THIS IS JUST
SOMETHING UGLY GETS BUILT HERE,
THIS IS REALLY HARD.
I&apos;LL Y AND YEAH THIS IS JUST
I WISH THAT IT FELT WITHIN THE
THIS IS REALLY HARD.
PARAMETERS OF THE AUTHORITY
I WISH THAT IT FELT WITHIN THE
OF THIS BOARD TO VOTE YES BUT I
PARAMETERS OF THE AUTHORITY
DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T SEE HOW AND I BUT
OF THIS BOARD TO VOTE YES BUT I
I I APPRECIATE I APPRECIATE
DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T SEE HOW AND I BUT
WHAT ALL OF US ARE BEING
I I APPRECIATE I APPRECIATE
EDUCATED ABOUT AT THIS TABLE.
WHAT ALL OF US ARE BEING
I THINK WE&apos;VE REALLY
EDUCATED ABOUT AT THIS TABLE.
HIGHLIGHTED A PROBLEM.
I THINK WE&apos;VE REALLY
THANKS CHRIS.
HIGHLIGHTED A PROBLEM.
&gt;&gt; I WOULD LIKE TO REITERATE
THANKS CHRIS.
THAT UGLY IS NOT OUR PURVIEW.
&gt;&gt; I WOULD LIKE TO REITERATE
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU DE BOTHER MY
THAT UGLY IS NOT OUR PURVIEW.
FELLOW BOARD MEMBERS THAT ARE
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU DE BOTHER MY
SAYING MAYBE THIS ISN&apos;T THE
FELLOW BOARD MEMBERS THAT ARE
RIGHT PLACE FOR THIS TO COME IF
SAYING MAYBE THIS ISN&apos;T THE
YOU REALLY WANT TO DO THE
RIGHT PLACE FOR THIS TO COME IF
TOWNHOUSE CONCEPT I&apos;M SORRY I
YOU REALLY WANT TO DO THE
HAVE A QUESTION FOR OUR STAFF
TOWNHOUSE CONCEPT I&apos;M SORRY I
MEMBER JOHN, WOULD SOMETHING
HAVE A QUESTION FOR OUR STAFF
LIKE THIS BE VIABLE AS PLANNED
MEMBER JOHN, WOULD SOMETHING
UNIT DEVELOPMENT AND GO TO THE
LIKE THIS BE VIABLE AS PLANNED
PLANNING COMMISSION AS A ZONE
UNIT DEVELOPMENT AND GO TO THE
LIKE A ZONING CHANGE FOR A PD
PLANNING COMMISSION AS A ZONE
AND MAYBE EVEN PUT FOUR UNITS
LIKE A ZONING CHANGE FOR A PD
IN?
AND MAYBE EVEN PUT FOUR UNITS
I GUESS AS LONG AS YOU CAN SELL
IN?
THE PLANNING COMMISSION ON IT
I GUESS AS LONG AS YOU CAN SELL
IT WOULD BECOME A ZONING CHANGE
THE PLANNING COMMISSION ON IT
FOR THAT PARCEL AS OPPOSED AS
IT WOULD BECOME A ZONING CHANGE
OPPOSED TO HAVING TO MEET THESE
FOR THAT PARCEL AS OPPOSED AS
VARIOUS STANDARDS WHICH THAT&apos;S
OPPOSED TO HAVING TO MEET THESE
IMPOSSIBLE TO ME.
VARIOUS STANDARDS WHICH THAT&apos;S
YEAH, YOU&apos;RE STARTING TO GO
IMPOSSIBLE TO ME.
DOWN A ROAD THAT I&apos;M NOT
YEAH, YOU&apos;RE STARTING TO GO
FAMILIAR WITH.
DOWN A ROAD THAT I&apos;M NOT
UH, PLANNING THE DEVELOPMENT
FAMILIAR WITH.
ARE BASICALLY A CUSTOMIZED
UH, PLANNING THE DEVELOPMENT
ZONING DISTRICT.
ARE BASICALLY A CUSTOMIZED
RIGHT.
ZONING DISTRICT.
AND I&apos;M NOT SURE THAT PLANNING
RIGHT.
STAFF WOULD BE IN SUPPORT
AND I&apos;M NOT SURE THAT PLANNING
OF SOMETHING LIKE THAT FOR THIS
STAFF WOULD BE IN SUPPORT
PROJECT.
OF SOMETHING LIKE THAT FOR THIS
&gt;&gt; UM, HOW ABOUT PLANNING
PROJECT.
COMMISSION?
&gt;&gt; UM, HOW ABOUT PLANNING
WELL, I MEAN THAT&apos;S WHERE THE
COMMISSION?
POLICY&apos;S MAIN PLANNING
WELL, I MEAN THAT&apos;S WHERE THE
COMMISSION IS JUST A
POLICY&apos;S MAIN PLANNING
RECOMMENDING BODY.
COMMISSION IS JUST A
THEY&apos;RE NOT THE ULTIMATE
RECOMMENDING BODY.
AUTHORITY GOES TO CITY COUNCIL.
THEY&apos;RE NOT THE ULTIMATE
CORRECT PLANNING COMMISSION IS
AUTHORITY GOES TO CITY COUNCIL.
MORE OF A POLICY BOARD THAN THE
CORRECT PLANNING COMMISSION IS
STAFF THE STAFF IMPLEMENTS.
MORE OF A POLICY BOARD THAN THE
YEAH, I&apos;M JUST NOT SURE THAT
STAFF THE STAFF IMPLEMENTS.
THIS IS A PROJECT THAT WOULD
YEAH, I&apos;M JUST NOT SURE THAT
FIT WITHIN THE REALM OF A PUDI
THIS IS A PROJECT THAT WOULD
BUT THAT WOULD BE SOMETHING
FIT WITHIN THE REALM OF A PUDI
THAT THE PLANNING MANAGER WOULD
BUT THAT WOULD BE SOMETHING
HAVE TO DECIDE ON.
THAT THE PLANNING MANAGER WOULD
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
HAVE TO DECIDE ON.
YES, THERE&apos;S SEVERAL THINGS I
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
WOULD LIKE TO SECOND THE
YES, THERE&apos;S SEVERAL THINGS I
COMMENTS BY JULIE AND CHRIS.
WOULD LIKE TO SECOND THE
I DO AGREE WITH THEM I HAPPEN
COMMENTS BY JULIE AND CHRIS.
TO IS PART OF THE ORCHARD
I DO AGREE WITH THEM I HAPPEN
HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION.
TO IS PART OF THE ORCHARD
LISTEN TO A VERY ARTICULATE
HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION.
PRESENTATION BY THE NEW CITY
LISTEN TO A VERY ARTICULATE
ADMINISTRATOR AND HE WAS QUITE
PRESENTATION BY THE NEW CITY
CLEAR ABOUT THE CONSTRAINTS THE
ADMINISTRATOR AND HE WAS QUITE
CITY IS FACING, ONE OF THEM
CLEAR ABOUT THE CONSTRAINTS THE
BEING TAX REVENUE AND HE URGED
CITY IS FACING, ONE OF THEM
HE ALONG HIS LINES YOU THINK
BEING TAX REVENUE AND HE URGED
THAT AVENUE IS HIGHER DENSITY
HE ALONG HIS LINES YOU THINK
AND THIS NEIGHBORHOOD I THINK
THAT AVENUE IS HIGHER DENSITY
BECAUSE IT&apos;S FAIRLY CLOSE TO
AND THIS NEIGHBORHOOD I THINK
CAMPUS IS SOMETHING FOR THIS
BECAUSE IT&apos;S FAIRLY CLOSE TO
TYPE OF DEVELOPMENT.
CAMPUS IS SOMETHING FOR THIS
AND EVEN THOUGH MY CRITICISM
TYPE OF DEVELOPMENT.
OF THE APPLICANT TONIGHT I
AND EVEN THOUGH MY CRITICISM
THINK THE CITY IS VERY LUCKY TO
OF THE APPLICANT TONIGHT I
HAVE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO COMMIT
THINK THE CITY IS VERY LUCKY TO
TO NEIGHBORHOODS TO TEAR DOWN
HAVE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO COMMIT
WORKER BEE HOMES AND PUT IN
TO NEIGHBORHOODS TO TEAR DOWN
SOMETHING THAT&apos;S A MUCH BETTER
WORKER BEE HOMES AND PUT IN
IMPROVEMENT THAN MEETS CURRENT
SOMETHING THAT&apos;S A MUCH BETTER
STANDARDS AND IS GREAT THAT WE
IMPROVEMENT THAN MEETS CURRENT
HAVE PEOPLE TO DO THIS.
STANDARDS AND IS GREAT THAT WE
&gt;&gt; UNFORTUNATELY, AS MY FELLOW
HAVE PEOPLE TO DO THIS.
BOARD MEMBERS ARE, WE&apos;RE BEING
&gt;&gt; UNFORTUNATELY, AS MY FELLOW
CONSTRAINED WITH THE RULES WE
BOARD MEMBERS ARE, WE&apos;RE BEING
GOT AND I WOULD SAY ELIZABETH
CONSTRAINED WITH THE RULES WE
NELSON, YOU&apos;RE ON THE CITY
GOT AND I WOULD SAY ELIZABETH
COUNCIL.
NELSON, YOU&apos;RE ON THE CITY
THIS IS SOMETHING YOU THINK
COUNCIL.
ABOUT LET&apos;S GET MORE TAX
THIS IS SOMETHING YOU THINK
REVENUE, MORE DENSITY TO HAVE
ABOUT LET&apos;S GET MORE TAX
TOWN
HOUSES IN THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD.
I USED TO LIVE IN SYLVAN FAIRLY
CLOSE.
IT&apos;S A PERFECT NEIGHBORHOOD TO
DO THAT IS WITHIN WALKING
DISTANCE OF ST. AND PACKARD.
IT&apos;S GREAT.
SO I JUST WISH THEY&apos;D BE MORE
THINGS.
I THINK THE APPLICANT JUST FIND
ITSELF WITH THEY DON&apos;T NEED OUR
PERMISSION.
THEY HAVE MANY, MANY CHOICES
AND WE&apos;RE CONSTRAINED BY THE
RULES AND WE HAVE TO DO IT.
WE HAVE TO DO BUT I THINK IT
WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE THE RULES
CHANGED IS WHAT I THINK WE&apos;RE
ALL CHRIS I THINK EMOTIONALLY
I&apos;M I WANT TO TAKE A LITTLE
LONGER PERSPECTIVE ON THIS.
A LOT OF TIMES WHEN A CORNER
LOT COMES IN FRONT OF US WE OK
WHAT THEY WANT TO DO BECAUSE WE
CONSIDER IT A CONSTRAINT I&apos;M
NOT SURE THAT I NECESSARILY
AGREE THAT CONSTRAINT GOES AWAY
JUST BECAUSE YOU DEMOLISH THE
HOUSE.
I THINK IN THIS INSTANCE MY
INTEREST IN THE STRONG TOWNE&apos;S
TECHNIQUE OF INCREASING DENSITY
AND REVENUE IS SOMETHING TO
LOOK AT FOR A FEW FEET.
I THINK THAT&apos;S SOMETHING MORE
IMPORTANT TO LOOK AT AND YOU
MADE THE COMMENT YOURSELF THAT
THAT THIS IS A NEIGHBORHOOD
THAT CAN STAND DENSITY.
IT&apos;S A WALKABLE NEIGHBORHOOD
AND THAT&apos;S WHAT IT&apos;S ABOUT THIS
IS WHERE PLANNING IS MOVING
RIGHT NOW.
&gt;&gt; SO IF I LOOK AT THIS AND I
SAY OTHER CORNER LOTS OF GOTTEN
WHAT THEY WANTED BECAUSE OF THE
CORNER LOT CONSTRAINT AND WE
LET THAT FLY.
I&apos;M TEMPTED TO NOT HAVE
DIFFERENT RULES FOR THIS CORNER
LOT AND WORK HOW WE&apos;VE DONE IT
IN THE PAST I WOULD AND WITH
COMPLETE DISREGARD TO WHAT THE
OPTIONS ARE I WANT TO OFFER THE
APPLICANT UNIFORMITY OF HOW
WE&apos;VE APPLIED THINGS IN THE
PAST AND GIVE THEM THE BENEFIT
OF THE DOUBT SO THAT THEY CAN
BUILD THIS.
I&apos;M I&apos;M VERY STRONGLY LEANING
TOWARDS OKAYING THIS REQUEST.
THANK YOU.
READY FOR MOTION.
THANK YOU DAVE ZEBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TWO ZERO ZERO EIGHT IS
THAT THE SAME AS THE LAST ONE
TWO ZERO ZERO SEVEN NINE ELEVEN
OR TWELVE ELEVEN WENT STRAIGHT
TO ZERO ZERO SEVEN YEAH.
OK HERE&apos;S THE MOTION THING.
YEAH TO 08 WAS 08 WAS THE FIRST
ONE YEAH.
&gt;&gt; ONE TWO ONE ONE WHITE STREET
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A SIX
FOOT EIGHT INCH VARIANCE FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT EIGHTEEN
POINT ONE SUBSECTION FOUR FRONT
PORCHES TO ALLOW SECOND STORY
BALCONIES TO ENCROACH INTO THE
AVERAGE FRONT SET BACK.
THE APPLICANT IS PROPOSING
CONSTRUCTION OF A NEW THREE
UNIT TOWNHOME.
THE TOWN HOME BUILDING IS TO BE
BUILT FOR THE SUBMITTED PLANS
AND THEN AM I DOING BOTH
OF THESE SETBACKS SEPARATELY OR
TOGETHER?
&gt;&gt; ARE BOTH OF THESE VARIANCES
OR CAN ALSO IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A 12
FOOT ELEVEN INCH RIR SET BACK
VARIANCE FROM CHAPTER FIFTY
FIVE UNIFIED DEVELOPMENT
CODE TABLE FIVE SEVENTEEN DASH
THREE MULTIPLE FAMILY
RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
DIMENSIONS.
THE APPLICANT IS PROPOSING
CONSTRUCTION OF A NEW THREE
UNIT TOWNHOME THE NEW TOWN HOME
WILL BE 17 FEET ONE INCH FROM
THE REQUIRED 30 FOOT REAR SET
BACK THE TOWNHOME IS TO BE
BUILT PRIOR TO THE SUBMITTED
PLANS.
THANK YOU DAVE AND THE MOTION
OF SUPPORT FOR THANK YOU CHRIS
DE NO CHRIS BAILEY.
YES TED NO ELIZABETH YES.
&gt;&gt; CHRIS MADIGAN.
YES JULIA YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED
MOVING
ON TO PETITION ZIBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TO ZERO ONE ONE EIGHT
THREE ONE AVON ROAD BONNIE
GREENSVILLE REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY IS REQUESTING RELIEF
FROM SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY
TWO POINT TO ALTERATION TO A
NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
CONSTRUCT A SECOND STORY
ADDITION OVER AN EXISTING
NONCONFORMING SINGLE FAMILY
RESIDENCE.
THE EXISTING RESIDENCE DOES NOT
MEET THE REQUIRED 50 FOOT REAR
YARD THAT THAT THE HOME IS
LOCATED FORTY SEVEN FEET FROM
THE REAR LINE.
THE SECOND STORY ADDITION WILL
CONTAIN THREE BEDROOMS, TWO
BATHROOMS, THE SEATING AREA THE
PROPERTIES ZONED ONE A SINGLE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
NEAR THE INTERSECTION OF HILL
STREET AND AVON ROAD SOUTH
OF GETTING WROTE.
THE HOME WAS BUILT IN NINETEEN
FIFTY ONE AND IS APPROXIMATELY
ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED
SEVENTY EIGHT SQUARE FEET IN
SIZE.
THE APPLICANTS ARE PROPOSING TO
CONSTRUCT THE SECOND STORY
ADDITION THAT WILL BE TWENTY
FIVE FEET FOUR INCHES AND WITH
THIRTY SEVEN FEET IN LENGTH FOR
A TOTAL OF NINE HUNDRED THIRTY
SEVEN SQUARE FEET OF NEW LIVING
AREA.
THE NEW LEVEL WILL NOT PROJECT
FURTHER INTO THE REAR YARD SET
BACK THAN THE EXISTING FIRST
FLOOR THE FIRST SLIDE IF YOU&apos;LL
TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
MONITORS YOU&apos;LL SEE THE
HIGHLIGHTED IN YELLOW AT THE
CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING CONDITIONS SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND NEIGHBORHOODS
AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO OF THE
EXISTING SUBJECT PROPERTY.
CURRENTLY IT&apos;S FORTY SEVEN FEET
FROM THE HOUSE TO THE REAR FLAT
LINE.
THE SURVEY THAT WAS SUBMITTED
WITH THE APPLICATION AND THIS
IS THE PROPOSED SITE PLAN AND
YOU SEE THIS IS THE THREE FOOT
SECTION IN HATCHETING GRAY THAT
WILL NOT MEET THE 50 FOOT REAR
SET BACK THE FORTY SEVEN FEET
FROM THE REAR LINE.
THIS IS THE NORTH ELEVATION
THAT&apos;S EXISTING THE WEST EAST
AND SOUTH ELEVATIONS AS THE
HOME CURRENTLY SITS ON ITS
EXISTING CONDITION AND THESE
ARE THE PROPOSED ELEVATIONS.
YOU SEE THE NORTH YOU SEE THIS
IS THE SECOND STORY ADDITION IN
RELATIONSHIP TO THE REST OF THE
HOUSE AND THIS IS THE MAIN
LEVEL FOR EXISTING YOU SEE THE
AREA THAT DOES NOT MEET AND A
LOWER LEVEL FLOOR PLAN AND THEN
THE NEW SECOND FLOOR FOR PLAN
PROPOSED WITH THE ADDITIONAL
THREE BEDROOMS AND TWO
BATHROOMS IN THE SEATING AREA.
&gt;&gt; THEN AGAIN, LIKE I SAID,
THIS IS THE HATCHET AREA THAT
IS THE ONLY ENCROACHMENT
DIRECTLY ABOVE THE EXISTING
FIRST FLOOR.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK AND
MY INSPECTION YOU SEE COMING
DOWN THE DRIVEWAY LOOKING AT
THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE AT THE
FRONT SIDE AND THIS IS LOOKING
DIRECTLY AT THE REAR OF THE
HOUSE AND THIS IS THE AREA
WHERE THE NEW SECOND STORY, ED.
WILL GO OVER THE EXISTING FIRST
FLOOR RIGHT HERE.
THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY AT THE
REAR FACADE, THE REAR PLAIN
OF THE HOUSE AND TO THE RIGHT
IS THE BACK PROPERTY LINE.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS MORE OF THE THIS IS
THE SIDE OF THE HOUSE.
THIS IS THE BACK OVER HERE TO
THE RIGHT AND THE SEATING AREA
JUST TO THE LEFT OF IT.
THIS IS LOOKING TO THE PROPERTY
TO THE SOUTH I BELIEVE AND
ADJACENT PROPERTY NEIGHBORS.
YOU SEE THERE&apos;S A NICE BUFFER
BETWEEN THE TWO PROPERTIES AND
THE OTHER NEIGHBOR TO THE OTHER
SIDE AND THIS IS LOOKING
DIRECTLY AT THE REAR YARD
OF THE PROPERTY.
THE REAR FLAT LINE IS WITHIN
THESE WOODS AND THE TRELLIS
FENCE BACK HERE THAT CONCLUDES
MY PRESENTATION.
&gt;&gt; I WILL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS
THAT YOU HAVE AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU, JOHN.
ANY QUESTIONS THAT THE REAR
WALL IS CONFIRMING AND THE
OVERHANG DOESN&apos;T CONFORM?
&gt;&gt; IS THAT WHAT I&apos;M SEEING THE
REAR OVERHANG NOW THE REAR WALL
DOES NOT IT&apos;S TO THE REAR WALL
OVERHANGS, EAVES AND GUTTERS
ARE ALLOWED TO PROJECT UP TO
FEED INTO A SET BACK.
BUT THE MEASUREMENT IS BEING
TAKEN TO THE REAR ELEVATION
WALL OF FORTY IS THAT THE FRONT
OF FIFTY FEET THAT&apos;S REQUIRED.
IT&apos;S RIGHT TO THAT WALL.
FORTY SEVEN
FIFTY THE QUESTIONS
WHICH ARE WHEN THEY COULD BE
SEIZED IN THE FORTY SEVEN
CURRENTLY IF THE PETITIONER IS
READY YOU MAY BEGIN YOUR
PRESENTATION PLEASE STATE YOUR
NAME FOR THE RECORD YOU WILL
HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
MY NAME IS BONNIE GREENSPAN.
I&apos;M THE PRINCIPAL OF LEWIS
GREENSPAN ARCHITECTS.
GOOD EVENING.
WE ARE PROPOSING A SECOND FLOOR
ONTO A BACK THE BACK PORTION
OF THIS HOUSE.
THE EXISTING HOUSE SITS THREE
FEET INTO THE REAR YARD SET
BACK AND WE ARE MERELY NOT
ENCROACHING ANY FURTHER INTO
THE REAR YARD
SETBACK.
WE ARE SIMPLY PROPOSING A
SECOND STORY ONTO THIS BACK
PORTION OF THE HOUSE, NOT THE
ENTIRE HOUSE.
&gt;&gt; THE HOUSE WAS DESIGNED BY
PETE LURIE WHO IS A WELL-KNOWN
LOCAL MID CENTURY MODERN
ARCHITECT DAVID OSTLER USED TO
WORK FOR HIM AND HE ALSO
DESIGNED THE BUS STATION, THE
ART DECO BUS STATION DOWN HERE
ON AT HURON.
YOUR MAIN I WOULD LIKE TO JUST
POINT OUT SOME FEATURES OF THE
SITE WHICH MAKE THIS SITE
UNIQUE, UNIQUE FROM THE
PROPERTIES WHICH ARE
IMMEDIATELY ADJACENT TO IT
WHICH IN OTHER WORDS CREATE A
HARDSHIP FOR THIS SITE.
THIS SITE IS POINT THREE NINE
ONE ACRES.
THE PROPERTY IMMEDIATELY TO THE
NORTH IS ZERO POINT FIVE THREE
SEVEN ACRES.
THE PROPERTY NORTH OF THAT IS
ZERO POINT FIVE THREE NINE
ACRES.
THESE TWO PROPERTIES ARE FORTY
PERCENT LARGER THE PROPERTY
IMMEDIATELY TO THE SOUTH THIS
HOUSE IS POINT SIXTY FIVE ACRES
AND THE PROPERTY IMMEDIATELY
SOUTH THAT IS ZERO POINT SIX TO
SEVEN ACRES WHICH MAKES THEM
SIXTY PERCENT LARGER THAN THE
PROPERTY THAT WE ARE DEALING
WITH.
THE OTHER UNIQUE FEATURE
OF THIS PROPERTY IS ITS DEPTH
AND IF I TAKE THE AVERAGE OF WE
UNDERSTAND THE NORTH PROPERTY
LINE IN THE SOUTH PROPERTY LINE
ARE DIFFERENT AND IF I TAKE THE
AVERAGE OF THOSE TWO WHICH
WOULD ESSENTIALLY BE THE DEPTH
OF THE PROPERTY DOWN THE
CENTER, THIS PROPERTY IS 203 34
FEET LONG.
THE PROPERTY IMMEDIATELY TO THE
NORTH IS 280 FEET LONG MAKING
IT 55 FEET DEEPER.
THE PROPERTY NORTH OF THAT IS
275 DEEP MAKING IT FORTY FEET
DEEPER.
THE PROPERTY IMMEDIATELY TO THE
SOUTH IS TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY
SIX FEET DEEP MAKING IT TWENTY
TWO FEET DEEPER OR LONGER IN
THE EAST-WEST DIRECTION AND THE
PROPERTY MEET SOUTH OF THAT IS
TWO HUNDRED AND SIXTY FIVE FEET
DEEP MAKING IT THIRTY ONE FEET
DEEPER SO IF YOU AND THE
PROPERTIES ACROSS THE STREET
ARE ALSO QUITE A BIT LARGER SO
I WASN&apos;T EVEN GOING TO GET INTO
THE NUMBERS OF THOSE BUT MY
POINT IS THAT THIS PARTICULAR
PROPERTY IS SMALLER IN AREA AND
IN DEPTH THAN ADJACENT
PROPERTIES TO THE NORTH END TO
THE SOUTH OF THE HOUSE AS
CHARACTERISTIC OF MID CENTURY
MODERN ARCHITECTURE IS SET BACK
FROM THE STREET WHICH WAS I
BELIEVE A REQUIREMENT FROM THE
ORIGINAL OWNER OF THE PROPERTY
OF THE MUCH LARGER PROPERTY
WHEN IT WAS AN APPLE ORCHARD
AND SUBDIVIDED INTO SMALLER
PROPERTY, SMALLER PROPERTIES,
THE ORIGINAL OWNER REQUIRED
THAT THE HOUSES BE BUILT QUITE
FAR BACK FROM THE STREET AND AS
A MIDSTREAM MODERN ARCHITECT
WOULD DO THE HOUSE VERY
BEAUTIFULLY ADAPTS AND
UNDERSTANDS THE SITE ON WHICH
IT IS SITUATED WHICH IS WHY THE
HOUSE VERY NICELY CASCADES UP
THE HILL TOWARDS THE BACK
OF THE SITE.
&gt;&gt; SO THAT IS IN PART THE
REASON WHY WE ARE LOCATING THIS
BEDROOM ADDITION AT THE BACK
OF THE HOUSE SO AS NOT TO
APPEAR SO SORT OF LARGE AND
CONFRONTATIONAL FROM THE FRONT
AND IN PART TO PRESERVE THE
ORIGINAL SORT OF ESTHETIC
OF THE HOUSE FROM THE STREET.
AND WE ALSO HAVE TO UNDERSTAND
THAT THIS IS A THREE BEDROOM
HOUSE RIGHT NOW IT&apos;S THREE
BEDROOMS AND ONE BATHROOM.
THERE IS A BATHROOM IN THE
BASEMENT BUT I WOULD ALMOST
CONSIDER THAT A BATHROOM
BECAUSE BY TODAY&apos;S CODES IT IS
NOT THE PLUMBING CLEARANCES ARE
NOT IN CONFORMANCE TO TODAY&apos;S
CODES.
SO BASICALLY THIS IS A THREE
BEDROOM ONE BATH HOUSE.
&gt;&gt; IT DOESN&apos;T EVEN HAVE A
MASTER SUITE ALL THREE BEDROOMS
AND THEY SHARE AND THE GUESTS
SHARE ONE BATHROOM, THIS ONE
BATHROOM ON THE MAIN FLOOR
OF THE HOUSE.
SO WE ARE ADDING TO THIS HOUSE.
WE ARE FAR FROM THE LARGEST
HOUSE IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD AND
IT JUST SEEMS IN KEEPING WITH
THE SCALE AND WHAT YOU KNOW
WHAT IS EXPECTED OF HOUSES
THESE DAYS IN TERMS OF ADDING
ON TO IT.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER BECAUSE I WANT TO BE
CLEAR WE&apos;RE NOT WITH THIS
EDITION.
&gt;&gt; WE ARE NOT GOING WE&apos;RE NOT
CHANGING THE FOOTPRINT AT ALL.
CORRECT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
IF THERE IS ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, PLEASE COME
FORWARD NOW IF ANYONE ACCESSING
THE MEETING REMOTELY WISHES TO
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION, PLEASE
CALL IN NOW PRESS STAR NINE IF
YOU ARE ACCESSING VIA THE WEB
LINK PLEASE USE THE RAISED HAND
FUNCTION STAFF WILL CALL ON YOU
.
THEY DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE ANY
CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; THANKS COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE ARE IN DISCUSSION
.
ELIZABETH.
&gt;&gt; I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE I
DIDN&apos;T MISS ANYTHING.
I WAS CLICKING ON EVERYTHING I
COULD FIND.
&gt;&gt; THERE WAS NO COMMUNICATION
AROUND THIS PROPERTY IS ALL I
SEE.
&gt;&gt; I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY
CORRESPONDENCE.
OH, OK.
ALL RIGHT.
I DON&apos;T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH
THIS.
I THIS FEELS CONSISTENT WITH A
LOT OF THE NONCONFORMING
TANTRUMS THAT WE&apos;VE APPROVED
WHERE IT&apos;S WITHIN THE ENVELOPE.
THIS DOESN&apos;T I DON&apos;T REALLY
HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THIS AT
ALL.
THIS IS AN EASY VOTE YES FOR ME
.
I&apos;M READY TO MAKE A MOTION
GREAT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU ZIBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TWO ZERO ONE ONE EIGHT
THIRTY ONE AVON ROAD ALTERATION
TO A PERFORMANCE STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THREE TO
POINT TO ALTERATION TO A
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
ALLOW CONSTRUCTION OF A SECOND
STORY EDITION OVER AN EXISTING
NONCONFORMING SINGLE FAMILY
RESIDENCE.
THE EXISTING RESIDENCE DOES NOT
MEET THE REQUIRED 50 YARD
SETBACK.
THE HOME IS LOCATED FORTY SEVEN
FEET FROM THE REAR LOGLINES.
THE SECOND EDITION WILL CONTAIN
THREE BEDROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS
IN A SITTING AREA.
THE CONSTRUCTION MUST COMPLY
WITH THE SUBMITTED PLANS.
THANK YOU DAVE.
I HAVE A MOTION TO COURT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU CHRIS.
CHRIS MADDIGAN SUPPORT JULIA
SUPPORT.
I ALSO VOTE YES DAVE YES CHRIS
FREELY YES TODD YES.
ELISABETH YES.
REQUEST IS GRANTED MOVING ON TO
PETITION ZIBA TWENTY TWO DASH
TWO ZERO ONE TWO FIVE TWENTY
ONE S FOURTH AVENUE AS I NOTED
AT THE BEGINNING OF THE MEETING
THIS PETITION HAS BEEN
POSTPONED BUT IF THERE IS
ANYONE WHO WISHES TO COMMENT ON
IT YOU MAY DO SO NOW.
HELLO FOLKS.
THANKS FOR YOUR TIME.
I WON&apos;T TAKE A.
MY NAME IS DENIS BURKE.
I LIVE AT FIVE TWENTY EIGHT
ACROSS THE STREET S FOURTH
AVENUE.
MY WIFE AND I ARE THE COMPANY&apos;S
OWNER OCCUPIED SINGLE FAMILY ON
EITHER SIDE OF THAT BLOCK.
&gt;&gt; A LOT OF THE HOMES ARE
LISTED AS SINGLE FAMILY BUT IN
THE FORTY PLUS YEARS SINCE WE
MOVED INTO OUR REBUILT AND
REMODELED HOME THE FACT OF THE
MATTER IS ALMOST 100 PERCENT
HIGH DENSITY STUDENT OCCUPIED
SINGLE FAMILIES THIS HOUSE AND
REQUESTS IT&apos;S ON A LOT THAT HAS
TWO IDENTICAL TWIN HOUSES THAT
WERE BUILT IN THE FRONT AND
THIS SMALL HOUSE SITS IN THE
BACK ACCORDING TO THE ORIGINAL
FINKBEINER FAMILY OWNED ALL
THREE.
I WAS TOLD THAT THE LITTLE
HOUSE THAT THEY PROPOSED TO
SIGNIFICANTLY ALTER OR TEAR
DOWN WAS THE ORIGINAL FARMHOUSE
THAT HAD THAT WHOLE AREA
OF LAND RUNNING DOWN TO ALLEN
CREEK AT ONE TIME.
MY CONCERN IS IN OUR
NEIGHBORHOOD THE DENSITY WHICH
I APPRECIATE I LIKE URBAN
LIVING AND I KNOW THE DENSITY
NEEDS TO GO UP IN MODERN TIMES
BUT THE DENSITY IN THE LAST FEW
YEARS HAS SKYROCKETED AND WE
HAVE TWO LARGE APARTMENT
COMPLEXES THAT WERE BUILT AT
THE CORNER MONROE AND SOUTH
MAIN WE HAVE THE OLD DTT
BUILDING WAS TORN DOWN AND WE
HAVE A TEN STOREY LARGE
BUILDING A HALF A BLOCK THAT&apos;S
AN APARTMENT BUILDING.
IT&apos;S GOING UP IT&apos;S FIVE STORIES
IN THE BACK BUT TEN STORIES ON
THE OTHER SIDE AND I JUST DON&apos;T
SEE HOW INCREASING THE DENSITY
ON THIS SMALL PLOT AND NOT
PROVIDING ANY OFF STREET
PARKING IS REASONABLE.
WHERE WE LIVE WE DO NOT HAVE
RESIDENTIAL PERMIT RESTRICTION
ON OUR STREET AND A LOT OF THE
APARTMENT DWELLERS DO NOT PAY
THE EXTRA MONTHLY RENT IN THESE
NEW DEVELOPMENTS TO RENT
PARKING SPACES.
SO OUR STREET IS YOU&apos;RE LUCKY
IF YOU CAN FIND A PARKING SPACE
AND AS SOON AS ONE OPENS
SOMEBODY PULLS IN AND THEN
SECONDLY THE DOWNTOWN WORKERS
THAT DON&apos;T WANT TO PAY THE HIGH
PARKING PRICES OR RENT A SPACE
IN DOWNTOWN COME AND PARK ON
OUR STREET AND THE DAYTIME
FOLKS LEAVE AND THEN
IMMEDIATELY THE NIGHTTIME
RESTAURANT AND BAR WORKERS COME
IN AND PARK.
SO I DON&apos;T SEE HOW GOING FROM
WHAT IS CURRENTLY RENTED THE
TWO HOUSES IN FRONT USUALLY
HAVE FOUR TO SIX OCCUPANTS.
THE ONE IN THE BACK I THINK
USUALLY HAS SOME TO WEAR AROUND
TWO TO THREE STUDENTS WITHOUT
PROVIDING OFF STREET PARKING
INCREASING THE DENSITY IN THAT
SMALL LOT I JUST DON&apos;T SEE HOW
IT REALLY FITS IN IN OUR
NEIGHBORHOOD SO I WOULD URGE
YOU TO VOTE NO IF IT EVER DOES
COME IN FRONT OF YOU.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
IF THERE&apos;S ANYONE ACCESSING
A
MEETING REMOTELY WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION, PLEASE
CALL IN NOW AND PRESS STAR NINE
OR IF YOU ARE ACCESSING VIA THE
WEB LINK PLEASE USE THE RAISED
HAND FUNCTION.
THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE ANY
CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
&gt;&gt; WITH THAT SAID, THE PUBLIC
HEARING IS CLOSED AND WE WILL
MOVE ON TO UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
WE HAVE REVIEW OF BYLAWS SO
JOHN, DID YOU HAVE ANY COMMENTS
I GUESS ON THOSE DID ANYONE
EVERYONE READ MY EMAIL AND THE
COMMENTS FROM THE CITY
ATTORNEYS, THE DRESS THAT I
DID?
&gt;&gt; YES, WE PREPARED TO MAKE A
VOTE TO POSSIBLY APPROVE OR
DISAPPROVE THESE THIS EVENING I
GUESS.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY FURTHER
COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS OR
SUGGESTIONS, CHRIS?
&gt;&gt; I KNOW YOU WERE VERY CLEAR
ABOUT WHEN YOU NEED COMMENTS BY
AND I JUST HAVE NO I&apos;M JUST OK,
I&apos;M READY TO VOTE.
I&apos;VE BEEN BEGGING FOR TWO
MONTHS TO GET THESE BYLAWS
APPROVED BUT THAT&apos;S ALL I HAVE
SIX AMENDMENT PROPOSALS.
I&apos;M JUST KIDDING.
I&apos;D MAKE A MOTION TO APPROVE.
ALL RIGHT.
WE HAVE A MOTION FROM CHRIS
SUPPORT FROM JULIA ALL IN FAVOR
.
I OPPOSE FABULOUS THE MINUTES,
THE BYLAWS OR THE RULES
WHATEVER YOU WANT TO CALL THEM
ARE APPROVED RULES OF NO RULES,
NO MOVING ON TO NEW BUSINESS.
&gt;&gt; WE HAVE ADDRESSED
COMMUNICATIONS.
I WILL NOTE THAT I DID REGRET
TO NOTE THAT WE RECEIVED A
LETTER ON THE WHITE STREET
PETITION.
THERE WAS A GENTLEMAN, HAROLD
NEWLAND, WHO WAS OPPOSED TO THE
VARIANCE FOR THE BALCONY&apos;S.
SO I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THAT WAS ADDED TO THE RECORD
PUBLIC COMMENT.
IF THERE IS ANYONE ELSE WHO
WISHES TO ADDRESS THE ZIBA, NOW
IS THE TIME.
PLEASE CALL IN PRESS STANADYNE
TO RAISE YOUR HAND IF YOU&apos;RE
ACCESSING VIA THE WEB LINK USE
THE RAISED HAND FUNCTION.
THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE ANY
COLOR FOR THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU COURTNEY.
WITH THAT DO I HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN CHRIS SUPPORT FROM
CHRIS ALL IN FAVOR I POST WE
ARE ADJOURNED.
THANK EVERYONE